DEEP THOUGHTS, Jack Handy

A funny thing to do is, if you're out hiking and your friend gets
bitten by a poisonous snake, tell him you're going to go for help,
then go about ten feet and pretend that you got bit by a snake. Then
start an argument with him about who's going to go get help. A lot of
guys will start crying. That's why it makes you feel good when you
tell them it was just a joke.
 
A good way to threaten somebody is to light a stick of dynamite. 
Then you call the guy and hold the burning fuse up to the phone. 
"Hear that?" you say, "That's dynamite, baby!"

A man doesn't automatically get my respect.  He has to get down in 
the dirt and beg for it.  

A QUIZ: If I am my brother's brother, who am I?  (Answer: Me.)

Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus Flytrap.  The flytrap can 
bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little 
tiny plant teeth.  But some other stuff could happen and it could be 
like ambition.

Any man, in the right situation, is capable of murder.  But not any man 
is capable of being a good camper.  So, murder and camping are not as 
similar as you might think.  

Any time I see something screech across a room and latch onto 
someone's neck, and the guy screams and tries to get it off, I have to 
laugh, because what is that thing?

Anybody who has an identity problem had better wise up and get with the
program!  

As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it that was 
very pleasurable - until I realized it wasn't a nectarine at all, but A 
HUMAN HEAD!!

As the evening sky faded from a salmon color to a sort of flint gray, 
I thought back to the salmon I caught that morning, and how gray 
he was, and how I named him Flint.

As the light changed from red to green to yellow and back to red 
again, I sat there thinking about life.  Was it nothing more than a 
bunch of honking and yelling?  Sometimes it seemed that way.

As we were driving, we saw a sign that said "Watch for Rocks". 
Marta said it should read "Watch for Pretty Rocks".  I told her she 
should write in her suggestion to the highway department, but she 
started saying it was a joke - just to get out of writing a simple 
letter!  And I thought I was lazy!

At first I thought, if I were Superman, a perfect secret identity 
would be "Clark Kent, Dentist," because you could save money on 
tooth X-rays.  But then I thought, if a patient said, "How's my back 
tooth?" and you just looked at it with your X-ray vision and said, 
"Oh it's okay," then the patient would probably say, "Aren't you 
going to take an X-ray, stupid?" and you'd say, "Aw fuck you, get 
outta here," and then he probably wouldn't even pay his bill.

Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes.
That when, when you do criticize them, you're already a mile away
and you've got their shoes.

Better not take a dog on the space shuttle, because if he sticks his 
head out when you're coming home his face might burn up.

Blow ye winds / Like the trumpet blows; / But without that noise.
 
Children need encouragement.  So if a kid gets an answer right, tell 
him it was a lucky guess.  That way, he develops a good, lucky 
feeling.

Contrary to what most people say, the most dangerous animal in 
the world is not the lion or the tiger or even the elephant.  It's a 
shark riding on an elephant's back, just trampling and eating 
everything they see.
 
Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess 
is why several of us died of tuberculosis.

Even though he was an enemy of mine, I had to admit that what he had
accomplished was a brilliant piece of strategy.  First, he punched me, 
then he kicked me, then he punched me again.   

Even though I was their captive, the Indians allowed me quite a bit 
of freedom.  I could walk about freely, make my own meals, and 
even hurl large rocks at their heads.  It was only later that I 
discovered they were not Indians at all, but dirty clothes hampers.

Fear can sometimes be a useful emotion.  For instance, let's say 
you're an astronaut on the moon and you fear that your partner 
has been turned into Dracula.  The next time he goes out for the 
moon pieces, wham!, you just slam the door behind him and blast 
off.  He might call you on the radio and say he's not Dracula, but 
you just say, "Think again, bat man.

Folks still remember the day ole Bob Riley came bouncing down that 
dirt road in his pickup.  Pretty soon, it was bouncing higher and 
higher.  The tires popped, and the shocks broke, but that truck kept 
bouncing.  Some say it bounced clean over the moon, but whoever says 
that is a goddamn liar.
  
Frank knew that no man had ever crossed the desert on foot and 
lived to tell about it.  So, he decided to get back in his car and keep 
driving.

He was a cowboy, mister, and he loved the land.  He loved it so 
much he made a woman out of dirt and married her.  But when he 
kissed her, she disintegrated.  Later, at the funeral, when the 
preacher said, "Dust to dust", some people laughed, and the 
cowboy shot them.  At his hanging, he told the others, "I'll be 
waiting for you in heaven - with a gun".

He was the kind of man who was not ashamed to show affection.  I guess 
that's what I hated about him.  

Here's a good joke to do during an earthquake: straddle a big crack in 
the ground, and if it opens wider, go "Whoa! Whoa!" and flail your arms 
around, like you're going to fall in.  

Here's a good trick: Get a job as a judge at the Olympics.  Then, if 
some guy sets a world record, pretend that you didn't see it and go, 
"Okay, is everybody ready to start now?"  

How come the dove gets to be the peace symbol?  How about the 
pillow?  It has more feathers than the dove, and it doesn't have that 
dangerous beak.

I believe in making the world safe for our children, but not our 
children's children, because I don't think children should be having 
sex.

I bet a fun thing would be to go way back in time to where there was
going to be an eclipse and tell the cave men, "If I have come to
destroy you, may the sun be blotted out from the sky." Just then the
eclipse would start, and they'd probably try to kill you or something,
but then you could explain about the rotation of the moon and all, and
everyone would get a good laugh.
 
I bet a funny thing about driving a car off a cliff is, while you're 
in midair, you still hit those brakes!  Hey, better try the emergency 
brake!

I bet for an Indian, shooting an old fat pioneer woman in the back 
with an arrow, and she fires her shotgun into the ground as she falls 
over, is like the top thing you can do.  

I bet it was pretty hard to pick up girls if you had the Black Death.
 
I bet it's hard to break farmers of the old superstitions like 
"Tornado got Old Yeller, stay in the cellar."  

I bet one legend that keeps recurring throughout history, in every 
culture, is the story of Popeye.

I bet the main reason the police keep people away from a plane 
crash is they don't want anybody walking in and lying down in the 
crash stuff, then, when somebody comes up, act like they just woke 
up and go, "What was THAT?!"

I bet when the Neanderthal kids would make a snowman, someone 
would always end up saying, "Don't forget the thick, heavy brows". 
Then they would all get embarrassed because they remembered 
they had the big hunky brows too, and they'd get mad and eat the 
snowman.

I can see why it would be prohibited to throw most things off the 
top of the Empire State Building, but what's wrong with little bits 
of cheese?  They probably break down into their various gases before 
they even hit.

I can still recall old Mister Barnslow getting out every morning and
nailing a fresh load of tadpoles to the old board of his. Then he'd
spin it round and round, like a wheel of fortune, and no matter where
it stopped he'd yell out, "Tadpoles! Tadpoles is a winner!" We all
thought he was crazy. But then we had some growing up to do.
 
I can't stand cheap people. It makes me real mad when someone says
something like, "Hey, when are you going to pay me that $100 you owe
me?" or "Do you have that $50 you borrowed?" Man, quit being so cheap!
 
I don't think God put me on this planet to judge others.  I think he 
put me on this planet to gather specimens and take them back to 
my home planet.

I don't think I'm alone when I say I'd like to see more and more 
planets fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.

I guess I kinda lost control, because in the middle of the play I ran
up and lit the evil puppet villain on fire. No, I didn't. Just
kidding. I just said that to help illustrate one of the human
emotions, which is freaking out. Another emotion is greed, as when you
kill someone for money, or something like that. Another emotion is
generosity, as when you pay someone double what he paid for his stupid
puppet.
 
I guess more bad things have been done in the name of progress than 
any other.  I myself have been guilty of this.  When I was a teen-ager,
I stole a car and drove it out into the desert and set it on fire.  
When the police showed up, I just shrugged and said, "Hey, progress."  
Boy, did I have a lot to learn.

I guess of all my uncles, I liked Uncle Cave Man the best.  We called 
him Uncle Cave Man because he lived in a cave and because sometimes 
he'd eat one of us.  Later on we found out he was a bear.  

I guess we were all guilty, in a way.  We all shot him, we all 
skinned him, and we all got a complimentary bumper sticker that 
said, "I helped skin Bob".

I hate it when people say somebody has a "speech impediment", even if 
he does, because it could hurt his feelings.  So instead, I call it a 
"speech improvement", and I go up to the guy and say, "Hey, Bob, I 
like your speech improvement."  I think this makes him feel better.
    
I have to laugh when I think of the first cigar, because it was 
probably just a bunch of rolled-up tobacco leaves.  

I hope if dogs ever take over the world, and they chose a king, they 
don't just go by size, because I bet there are some Chihuahuas with 
some good ideas.

I hope in the future Americans are thought of as a warlike, vicious 
people, because I bet a lot of high schools would pick "Americans" as 
their mascot.
 
I hope life isn't a big joke, because I don't get it.

I hope they never find out that lightning has a lot of vitamins in it, 
because do you hide from it or not?

I hope, when they die, cartoon characters have to answer for their 
sins.
  
I remember how, in college, I got that part-time job as a circus 
clown, and how the children would laugh and laugh at me.  I 
vowed, then and there, that I would get revenge.

I remember that one fateful day when Coach took me aside. I knew what
was coming. "You don't have to tell me," I said. "I'm off the team,
aren't I?" "Well," said Coach, "you never were really ON the team. You
made that uniform you're wearing out of rags and towels, and your
helmet is a toy space helmet. You show up at practice and then either
steal the ball and make us chase you to get it back, or you try to
tackle people at inappropriate times." It was all true what he was
saying. And yet, I thought something is brewing inside the head of
this Coach. He sees something in me, some kind of raw talent that he
can mold. But that's when I felt the handcuffs go on.

I scrambled to the top of the precipice where Nick was waiting. "That
was fun," I said. "You bet it was," said Nick. "Let's climb higher."
"No," I said. "I think we should be heading back now." "We have time,"
Nick insisted. I said we didn't, and Nick said we did. We argued back
and forth like that for about 20 minutes, then finally decided to head
back. I didn't say it was an interesting story.
 
I think a good gift for the President would be a chocolate revolver. 
And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him real 
quick and hand it to him.

I think a good movie would be about a guy who's a brain scientist, but 
he gets hit on the head and it damages the part of the brain that makes 
you want to study the brain.  

I think a good novel would be where a bunch of men on a ship are 
looking for a whale.  They look and look, but you know what?  
They never find him. And you know why they never find him?  It 
doesn't say.  The book leaves it up to you, the reader, to decide.  
Then, at the very end, there's a page that you can lick and it tastes 
like Kool-Aid.

I think a good product would be "Baby Duck Hat". It's a fake baby
duck, which you strap on top of your head. Then you go swimming
underwater until you find a mommy duck and her babies, and you join
them. Then, all of a sudden, you stand up out of the water and roar
like Godzilla. Man, those ducks really take off! Also, Baby Duck Hat
is good for parties.
 
I think a good way to get into a movie is to show up where they're 
making the movie, then stick a big cactus plant onto your buttocks and 
start yowling and running around.  Everyone would think it was funny, 
and the head movie guy would say, "Hey, let's put him in the movie."
    
I think a new, different kind of bowling should be "carpet 
bowling".  It's just like regular bowling, only the lanes are carpet 
instead of wood.  I don't know why we should do this, but my God, 
we've got to try something!

I think college administrators should encourage students to urinate 
on walls and bushes, because then when students from another college 
come sniffing around, they'll know this is someone else's territory.
  
I think in one of my previous lives I was a mighty king, beacuse I 
like people to do what I say.  

I think my new thing will be to try to be a real happy guy.  I'll just 
walk around being real happy until some jerk says something stupid to 
me.
  
I think one way police departments could make some money 
would be to hold a yard sale of murder weapons.  Many people, for 
example, could probably use a cheap ice pick.

I think people tend to forget that trees are living creatures. They're 
sort of like dogs.  Huge, quiet, motionless dogs, with bark instead of 
fur.
  
I think somebody should come up with a way to breed a very large shrimp.
That way, you could ride him, then after you camped at night, you could 
eat him.  How about it, science?  

I think someone should have had the decency to tell me the 
luncheon was free.  To make someone run out with potato salad in 
his hand, pretending he's throwing up, is not what I call hospitality.

I think the mistake a lot of us make is thinking the state-appointed 
psychiatrist is our "friend".

I think the monkeys at the zoo should have to wear sunglasses so they 
can't hypnotize you.  

I think there should be something in science called the "reindeer 
effect."  I don't know what it would be, but I think it'd be good to 
hear someone say, "Gentlemen, what we have here is a terrifying 
example of the reindeer effect."       

I wish a robot would get elected president.  That way, when he came 
to town, we could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad.

I wish I could shrink down to the size of an ant.  And maybe there 
would be thousands of other people shrunken down to ant-size, 
and we would get together and dig tunnels down into the ground, 
and live there.  But don't ever call us "ants" because we hate that.

I wish I had a Kryptonite cross, because then you could keep both 
Dracula AND Superman away.

I wish I lived back in the Old West days, because I'd save up my money
for about twenty years so I could buy a solid-gold pick. Then I'd go
out West and start digging for gold.  When someone came up and asked
what I was doing, I'd say, "Looking for gold, ya durn fool."  He'd say,
"Your pick is gold," and I'd say, "Well, that was easy."  Good joke,
huh?

I wish my name was Todd, because then I could say, "Yes, my 
name's Todd.  Todd Blankenship".  Oh, also I wish my last name 
was Blankenship.

I wish outer space guys would conquer the Earth and make people their
pets, because I'd like to have one of those little beds with my name
on it.

I wish scientists would come up with a way to make dogs a lot bigger, 
but with a smaller head.  That way, they'd still be good as watchdogs, 
but they wouldn't eat so much.  

I wish there was a disease where you're afraid of clouds, because I 
think I could cure it.  First, you sit the patient down and have a 
long personal talk.  After that, I'm not sure, but maybe you could 
throw some water in his face or something.

I wish outer-space guys would conquer Earth and make people 
their pets, because I'd like to have one of those little basket-beds 
with my name on it.

I wouldn't be surprised if someday some fishermen caught a big shark
and cut it open, and there inside was a whole person. Then they cut
the person open, and in him is a little baby shark. And in the baby
shark there isn't a person, because it would be too small. But there's
a little doll or something, like a Johnny Combat little toy
guy - something like that.
 
I'd like to be buried Indian-style, where they put you up on a high 
rack, above the ground.  That way, you could get hit by meteorites 
and not even feel it.

I'd like to see a nude opera, because when they hit those high notes, 
I bet you can really see it in those genitals.

I'd rather be rich than stupid.

If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him 
is "God is crying".  And if he asks why God is crying, another cute 
thing to tell him is "Probably because of something you did".

If Alien was my friend, I'd like to be with him when he went to the 
dentist.  When they started drilling, he'd probably go nuts and start 
eating everybody.  That Alien!  

If God dwells inside us, like some people say, I sure hope He likes 
enchiladas, because that's what He's getting!
        
If I ever do a book on the Amazon, I hope I am able to bring a certain
lightheartedness to the subject, in a way that tell the reader we are 
going to have fun with this thing.  

If I ever opened a trampoline store, I don't think I'd call it
Trampo-Land, because you might think it was a store for tramps, which
is not the inpression we are trying to convey with our store. On the
other hand, we would not prohibit tramps from browsing, or testing the
trampolines, unless a tramp's gyrations seemed to be getting out of
control.
 
If I had a mine shaft, I don't think I would just abandon it.  There's
got to be a better way.  

If I lived back in the wild west days, instead of carrying a six-gun 
in my holster, I'd carry a soldering iron. That way, if some smart-
aleck cowboy said something like "Hey, look. He's carrying a 
soldering iron!" and started laughing, and everybody else started 
laughing, I could just say, "That's right, it's a soldering iron. The 
soldering iron of justice".  Then everybody would get real quiet 
and ashamed, because they had made fun of the soldering iron of 
justice, and I could probably hit them up for a free drink.

If I was being executed by injection, I'd clean up my cell real neat. 
Then, when they came to get me, I'd say, "Injection? I thought you 
said 'inspection.'"  They'd probably feel real bad, and maybe I 
could get out of it.

If life deals you lemons, why not go kill someone with the lemons 
(maybe by shoving them down his throat)?

If the Vikings were around today, they would probably be amazed at how 
much glow-in-the-dark stuff we have, and how we take so much of it for
granted.
  
If there was a terrible storm outside, but somehow this dog lived 
through the storm, and he showed up at your door when the storm was 
finally over, I think a good name for him would be Carl.  

If they ever come up with a swashbuckling School, I think one of 
the courses should be Laughing, Then Jumping Off Something.

If they have moving sidewalks in the future, when you get on them, I 
think you should have to assume sort of a walking shape so as not to 
frighten the dogs.  

If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them 
down?  We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason.

If you define cowardice as running away at the first sign of danger, 
screaming and tripping and begging for mercy, then yes, Mr. Brave 
man, I guess I'm a coward.

If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid looking in a mirror, because I
bet that will really throw you into a panic.
 
If you ever discover that what you're seeing is a play within a play, 
just slow down, take a deep breath, and hold on for the ride of your 
life.
   
If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let 'em go, 
because, man, they're gone.

If you ever fall off the Sears Tower, just go real limp, because 
maybe you'll look like a dummy and people will try to catch you 
because, hey, free dummy.

If you ever go temporarily insane, don't shoot somebody, like a lot of
people do.  Instead, try to get some weeding done, because you'd 
really be surprised.
   
If you ever reach total enlightenment while you're drinking a beer, 
I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose.

If you ever teach a yodeling class, probably the hardest thing is to 
keep the students from just trying to yodel right off.  You see, we 
build to that.

If you go flying back through time, and you see somebody else 
flying forward into the future, it's probably best to avoid eye 
contact.

If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and you 
friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to 
pretend you were swimming.

If you go to a party, and you want to be the popular one at the party, 
do this: Wait until no one is looking, then kick a burning log out of 
the fireplace onto the carpet.  Then jump on top of it with your body 
and yell, "Log o' fire! Log o' fire!"  I've never done this, but I 
think it'd work.
     
If you go through a lot of hammers each month, I don't think it 
necessarily means you're a hard worker.  It may just mean that you 
have a lot to learn about proper hammer maintenance.  If there 
was a big gardening convention, and you got up and gave a speech 
in favor of fast-motion gardening, I bet you would get booed right 
off the stage.  They're just not ready.

If you had a school for professional fireworks people, I don't think 
you could cover fuses in just one class.  It's just too rich a subject.

If you lived in the Dark Ages, and you were a catapult operator, I 
bet the most common question people would ask is, "Can't you 
make it shoot farther?"  No.  I'm sorry.  That's as far as it shoots.

If you saw two guys named Hambone and Flippy, which one would 
you think liked dolphins the most?  I'd say Flippy, wouldn't you? 
You'd be wrong, though.  It's Hambone.

If you want to be the most popular person in your class, whenever the 
professor pauses in his lecture, just let out a big snort and say 
"How do you figger that!" real loud.  Then lean back and sort of 
smirk.
   
If you want to be the popular one at a party, here's a good thing to 
do: Go up to some people who are talking and laughing and say, 
"Well, technically, that's illegal".  It might fit in with what 
somebody just said.  And even if it doesn't, so what, I hate this 
stupid party.

If you were a poor Indian with no weapons, and a bunch of 
conquistadors came up to you and asked where the gold was, I don't 
think it would be a good idea to say, "I swallowed it. So sue me".

If you work on a lobster boat, sneaking up behind people and pinching 
them is probably a joke that gets old real fast.  

If you're a blacksmith, probably the proudest day of your life is 
when you get your first anvil.  
How innocent you are, little blacksmith!

If you're a boxing referee, it's probably illegal to wear a bow tie 
that spins or changes colors.

If you're a circus clown, and you have a dog that you use in your act,
I don't think it's a good idea to also dress the dog up like a clown, 
beacuse people see that and they think, "Forgive me, but that's just 
too much."
   
If you're a horse, and someone gets on you, and falls off, and then 
gets right back on you, I think you should buck him off right away.

If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's real 
embarrassing if someone tries to kill you.

If you're at a Thanksgiving dinner, but you don't like the stuffing or
the cranberry sauce or anything else, just pretend like you're eating
it, but instead, put it all in your lap and form it into a big mushy
ball. Then, later, when you're out back having cigars with the boys,
let out a big fake cough and throw the ball to the ground. Then say,
"Boy, these are good cigars!"
 
If you're ever shipwrecked on a tropical island and you don't know 
how to speak the natives's language, just say "Poppy-oomy."  I bet it 
means something.
   
If you're ever stuck in some thick undergrowth, in your underwear, 
don't start thinking of what other words have "under" in them, 
because that's probably the first sign of jungle madness.  

If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove 
touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been.
   
If you're in a war, instead of throwing a hand grenade at some 
guys, throw one of those little baby-type pumpkins.  Maybe it'll 
make everyone think of how crazy war is, and while they're 
thinking, you can throw a real grenade.

If you're robbing a bank, and your pants suddenly fall down, I 
think it's okay to laugh, and to let the hostages laugh too, because 
come on, life is funny.

If you're traveling in a time machine, and you're eating corn on the 
cob, I don't think it's going to affect things one way or the other.  
But here's the point I'm trying to make: Corn on the cob is good, 
isn't it?

In some places it's known as a tornado.  In others, a cyclone.  And 
in still others, the Idiot's Merry-go-round.  But around here they'll 
always be known as screw-boys.  

In weightlifting, I don't think sudden, uncontrolled urination should
automatically disqualify you.  

Instead of having "answers" on a math test, they should just call them
"impressions," and if you got a different "impression," so what, can't 
we all be brothers? 

Instead of studying for finals, what about just going to the Bahamas 
and catching some rays?  Maybe you'll flunk, but you might have 
flunked anyway; that's my point.  

Instead of trying to build newer and bigger weapons of destruction, 
mankind should be thinking about getting more use out of the 
weapons we already have.

Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo,
flying across in front of a beautiful sunset?  And he's carrying a 
beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful 
painting with his feet.  And also, you're drunk.  

Isn't it funny how whenever we go to a county fair or a state fair, 
the first thing we do is see if they have some kind of pornography 
booth?

It makes me mad when people say I ran like a scared rabbit.  Maybe it 
was like an angry rabbit, who was going to fight in another fight, 
away from the first fight. 

It makes me mad when I go to all the trouble of having Martha cook up 
about a hundred drumsticks, the the guy at the Marineland says, "You 
can't throw chicken to the dolphins.  They eat fish."  Sure they eat 
fish, if that's all you give them.  Man, wise up.  
   
It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that 
man.

It's amazing to me that one of the world's most feared diseases would 
be carried by one of the world's smallest animals: the real tiny dog.
 
It's easy to sit and scoff at an old man's folly.  But also, check out 
his Adam's apple!

It's easy to sit there and say you'd like to have more money.  And I 
guess that's what I like about it.  It's easy.  Just sitting there, 
rocking back and forth, wanting that money.

It's fascinating to think that all around us there's an invisible 
world we can't even see.  I'm speaking, of course, of the World of the 
Invisible Scary Skeletons.  

It's not good to let any kid near a container that has a skull and 
crossbones on it, because there might be a skeleton costume inside 
and the kid could put it on and really scare you.       
   
It's sad that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as 
a pack of wild dogs.

It's too bad that whole families have to be torn apart by something 
as simple as wild dogs.  
   
It's true that every time you hear a bell, an angel gets his wings. 
But what they don't tell you is, every time you hear a mousetrap 
snap, an angel gets set on fire.

Just as bees will swarm about to protect their nest, so will I 
"swarm about" to protect my nest of chocolate eggs.

Just because swans mate for life, I don't think its that big a deal.
First of all, if you're a swan, you're probably not going to find a
swan that looks much better than the one you've got, so why not mate
for life?

Laugh, clown, laugh.  This is what I tell myself whenever I dress up 
like Bozo.
 
Laurie got offended that I used the word "puke".  But to me, that's 
what her dinner tasted like.

Life, to me, is like a quiet forest pool, one that needs a direct hit
from a big rock half-buried in the ground. You pull and you pull, but
you can't get the rock out of the ground. So you give it a good kick,
but you lose your balance and go skidding down the hill toward the
pool. Then out comes a big Hawaiian man who was screwing his wife
beside the pool because they thought it was real pretty. He tells you
to get out of there, but you start faking it, like you're talking
Hawaiian, and then he gets mad and chases you...
 
Like jewels in a crown, the precious stones glittered in the queen's 
round metal hat.

Love can sweep you off your feet and carry you along in a way you've 
never known before.  But the ride always ends, and you end up feeling 
lonely and bitter.  Wait.  It's not love I'm describing.  I'm thinking
of a monorail.
   
Love is not something that you can put chains on and throw into a 
lake.  That's called Houdini.  Love is liking someone a lot.

Many people think that history is a dull subject. Dull? Is it "dull"
that Jesse James once got bitten on the forehead by an ant, and at
first it didn't seem like anything, but then the bite got worse and
worse, so he went to a doctor in town, and the secretary told him to
wait, so he sat down and waited, and waited, and waited, and waited,
and then finally he got to see the doctor, and the doctor put some
salve on it? You call that dull?
 
Martha says the interesting thing about fly fishing is that it's two lives
connected by a thin strand.  Come on, Martha.  Grow up.
  
Martha talks about sensuality, but I don't think she'd know 
sensuality if it bit her on the ass.

Martha was watching the football game with me when she said, "You know, 
most of these sports are based on the idea of one group protecting its 
territory from invasion by another group."  "Yeah," I said, trying not 
to laugh.  Girls are funny.  

Maybe in order to understand mankind, we have to look at the 
word itself: "Mankind".  Basically, it's made up of two separate 
words - "mank" and "ind".  What do these words mean?  It's a 
mystery, and that's why so is mankind.

Most people don't realize that large pieces of coral, which have 
been painted brown and attached to the skull by common wood 
screws, can make a child look like a deer.

Of all the tall tales, I think my favorite is the one about Eli 
Whitney and the interchangeable parts. 
 
Once when I was in Hawaii, on the island of Kauai, I met a mysterious
old stranger. He said he was about to die and wanted to tell someone
about the treasure. I said, "Okay, as long as it's not a long story.
Some of us have a plane to catch, you know." He stared telling hes
story, about the treasure and his life and all, and I thought: "This
story isn't too long." But then, he kept going, and I started
thinking, "Uh-oh, this story is getting long." But then the story was
over, and I said to myself: "You know, that story wasn't too long
after all." I forget what the story was about, but there was a good
movie on the plane. It was a little long, though.
 
One thing kids like is to be tricked.  For instance, I was going to 
take my little nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him to an 
old burned-out warehouse.  "Oh, no," I said.  "Disneyland burned 
down".   He cried and cried, but I think that deep down, he thought 
it was a pretty good joke.   I started to drive over to the real 
Disneyland, but it was getting pretty late.

People laugh when I say that I think a jellyfish is one of the most 
beautiful things in the world.  What they don't understand is, I 
mean a jellyfish with long, blond hair.

People think it would be fun to be a bird because you could fly.  But 
they forget the negative side, which is the preening.

Perhaps, if I am very lucky, the feeble efforts of my lifetime will 
someday be noticed, and maybe, in some small way, they will be 
acknowledged as the greatest works of genius ever created by Man.
        
Probably the earliest flyswatters were nothing more than some sort 
of striking surface attached to the end of a long stick.

Probably to a shark, about the funniest thing there is is a wounded 
seal, trying to swim to shore, because WHERE DOES HE THINK HE'S GOING?!
 
Some folks say it was a miracle.  Saint Francis suddenly appeared and 
knocked the next pitch clean over the fence.  But I think it was just 
a lucky swing.
  
Something tells me that the first mousetrap wasn't designed to 
catch mice at all, but to protect little cheese "gems" from burglars.

Sometimes I think I'd be better off dead.  No, wait.  Not me, you.

Sometimes I think the world has gone completely mad.  And then I 
think, "Aw, who cares?"  And then I think, "Hey, what's for supper?"

Sometimes life seems like a dream, especially when I look down and 
see that I forgot to put on my pants.  

Sometimes the beauty of the world is so overwhelming, I just want to 
throw back my head and gargle.  Just gargle and gargle, and I don't 
care who hears me, because I am beautiful.  
   
Sometimes, when I drive across the desert in the middle of the night,
with no other cars around, I start imagining: What if there were no
civilization out there? No cities, no factories, no people? And then I
think: No people or factories? Then who made this car? And this
highway? And I get so confused I have to stick my head out the window
into the driving rain---unless there's lightning, because I could get
struck on the head by a bolt.
 
Sometimes when I feel like killing someone, I do a little trick to 
calm myself down.  I'll go over to the person's house and ring the 
doorbell.  When the person comes to the door, I'm gone, but you 
know what I've left on the porch?  A jack-o-lantern with a knife 
stuck in the side of its head with a note that says "You". After that 
I usually feel a lot better, and no harm done.

The crows seemed to be calling his name, thought Caw.

The difference between a man and a boy is, a boy wants to grow up to 
be a fireman, but a man wants to grow up to be a giant monster fireman.      

The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of the 
face.

The land that had nourished him and had borne him fruit now turned 
against him and called him a fruit.  Man, I hate land like that.
  
The memories of my family outings are still a source of strength to 
me. I remember we'd all pile into the car - I forget what kind it was 
- and drive and drive.  I'm not sure where we'd go, but I think there 
were some trees there.  The smell of something was strong in the air 
as we played whatever sport we played.  I remember a bigger, older 
guy we called "Dad".  We'd eat some stuff, or not, and then I think 
we went home.  I guess some things never leave you.

The next time I have meat and mashed potatoes, I think I'll put a very
large blob of potatoes on my plate with just a little piece of meat.
And if someone asks me why I didn't get more meat, I'll just say, "Oh,
you mean this?" and pull out a big piece of meat from inside the blob
of potatoes, where I've hidden it. Good magic trick, huh?
 
The old pool shooter has won many a game in his life.  But now it was 
time to hang up the cue.  When he did all the other cues came crashing 
to the floor.  "Sorry," he said with a smile.  
      
The people in the village were real poor, so none of the children 
had any toys.  But this one little boy had gotten an old enema bag 
and filled it with rocks, and he would go around and whap the other 
children across the face with it.  Man, I think my heart almost broke.   
Later the boy came up and offered to give me the toy. This was too 
much!  I reached out my hand, but then he ran away.  I chased him 
down and took the enema bag.  He cried a little, but that's the way 
of these people.

The sound of fresh rain run-off splashing from the roof reminded me 
of the sound of urine splashing into a filthy Texaco latrine.
   
The whole town laughed at my great-grandfather, just because he worked
hard and saved his money. True, working at the hardware store didn't
pay much, but he felt it was better than what everybody else did,
which was go up to the volcano and collect the gold nuggets it shot
out every day. It turned out he was right. After forty years, the
volcano petered out. Everybody left town, and the hardware store went
broke. Finally he decided to collect gold nuggets too, but there
weren't many left by then. Plus, he broke his leg and the doctor's
bills were real high.

The wise man can pick up a grain of sand and envision a whole 
universe.  But the stupid man will just lay down on some seaweed 
and roll around until he's completely draped in it.  Then he'll stand 
up and go, "Hey, I'm Vine Man".

To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there's no music, no 
choreography, and the dancers hit each other.

To me, clowns aren't funny.  In fact, they're kind of scary.  I've 
wondered where this started and I think it goes back to the time I 
went to the circus, and a clown killed my dad.

To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something 
when you walk around.  That way, if anybody says, "Hey, can you give 
me a hand?," you can say, "Sorry, got these sacks."  

To me, truth is not some vague, foggy notion.  Truth is real.  And, 
at the same time, unreal.  Fiction and fact and everything in between, 
plus some things I can't remember, all rolled into one big "thing."  
This is truth, to me.
  
Today I accidentally stepped on a snail on the sidewalk in front of 
our house.  And I thought, I too am like that snail.  I build a 
defensive wall around myself, a "shell" if you will.  But my shell 
isn't made out of a hard, protective substance.  Mine is made out of 
tinfoil and paper bags.  

Tonight, when we were eating dinner, Marta said something that really 
knocked me for a loop.  She said, "I love carrots."  "Good," I said 
as I gritted my teeth real hard. "Then maybe you and carrots would 
like to go into the bedroom and have sex!"  They didn't, but maybe 
they will sometime, and I can watch.

Too bad Lassie didn't know how to ice skate, because then if she was 
in Holland on vacation in winter and someone said "Lassie, go skate 
for help," she could do it. 

Too bad there's not such a thing as a golden skunk, because you'd 
probably be proud to be sprayed by one.  

Too bad when I was a kid there wasn't a guy in our class that
everybody called the "Cricket Boy", because I would have liked to
stand up in class and tell everybody, "You can make fun of the Cricket
Boy if you want to, but to me he's just like everybody else." Then
everybody would leave the Cricket Boy alone, and I'd invite him over
to spend the night at my house, but after about five minutes of that
loud chirping I'd have to kick him out. Maybe later we could get up a
petition to get the Cricket Family run out of town. Bye, Cricket Boy.
 
Too bad you can't buy a voodoo globe so that you could make the 
earth spin real fast and freak everybody out.

Too bad you can't just grab a tree by the very tiptop and bend it 
clear over the group and then let her fly, because I bet you'd be 
amazed at all the stuff that comes flying out.  

We like to praise birds for flying.  But how much of it is actually  
flying, and how much of it is just sort of coasting from the previous 
flap?

We tend to scoff at the beliefs of the ancients.  But we can't scoff at 
them personally, to their faces, and this is what annoys me.

We used to laugh at Grandpa when he'd head off and go fishing. 
But we wouldn't be laughing that evening when he'd come back 
with some whore he picked up in town.

What am I afraid of?  I'll tell you: a feather.  That's right, a feather.  
How could anyone be afraid of a feather, you say. That's an honest  
question, and I'll try to give it an honest answer.  First of all, did I  
say it was a poison feather?

What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to 
save a solid gold baby?  Maybe we'll never know.

When I heard that trees grow a new 'ring' for each year they live, I 
thought, we humans are kind of like that: we grow a new layer of skin 
each year, and after many years we are thick and unwieldy from all our 
skin layers.

When I see a fork I think of fear. This could be because both words 
start with the letter "f", or it could be because my brother was 
killed with a fork.

Whenever I see dew I think it's from the elves crying, then I ask "why 
are the elves crying?", they get all the gold they want. Man, I hate 
those elves.

When I see the moon I like to think that God lives there, along with 
Elvis.

When I think back on all the blessings I have been given in my life, I 
can't think of a single one, unless you count that rattlesnake that 
granted me all those wishes.  

When I was a kid my favorite relative was Uncle Caveman.  After 
school we'd all go play in his cave, and every once in a while he 
would eat one of us.  It wasn't until later that I found out that Uncle 
Caveman was a bear.

When I was young my father told me not to talk to strangers, so I 
killed him, because, hey, we're all strangers on the inside.

When Rick told me he was having trouble with his wife, I had to 
laugh.  Not because of what he said, but because of a joke I thought 
of.  I told him the joke, but he didn't laugh very much.  Some 
friend HE is.

When the age of the Vikings came to a close, they must have sensed it.
Probably, they gathered together one evening, slapped each other on 
the back and said, "Hey, good job."  

When the chairman introduced the guest speaker as a former illegal 
alien, I got up from my chair and yelled, "What's the matter, no jobs 
on Mars?"  When no one laughed, I was real embarrassed.  I don't think
people should make you feel that way.  

When this girl at the art museum asked me whom I liked better, Monet 
or Manet, I said, "I like mayonnaise."  She just stared at me, so I 
said it again, louder.  Then she left.  I guess she went to try to 
find some mayonnaise for me.  

When you die, if you get a choice between going to regular heaven 
or pie heaven, choose pie heaven.  It might be a trick, but if it's not, 
ummmm, boy.

When you go in for a job interview, I think a good thing to ask is if 
they ever press charges.

When you're riding in a time machine way far into the future, don't 
stick your elbow out the window, or it'll turn into a fossil.

Whenever I hear the sparrow chirping, watch the woodpecker chirp, 
catch a chirping trout, or listen to the sad howl of the chirp rat, I 
think:  "Oh boy! I'm going insane again."

Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first 
instinct is to laugh.  But then I think, what is I was an ant, and she 
fell on me.  Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.

Whenever someone asks me to define love, I usually think for a 
minute, then I spin around and pin the guy's arm behind his back.  
NOW who's asking the questions?

Where do people go when they die?  I think they go to Aunt Myrna's 
house, because if I were dead I'd go there.

Whether they ever find life there or not, I think Jupiter should be 
considered an enemy planet.

While Marta looked over the edge of the cliff she said she was so high 
she felt like she could fly.  I pushed her over the edge, and she 
couldn't.  Guess she won't be so quick to judge next time.

Why do people in ship mutinies always ask for "better treatment"? 
I'd ask for a pinball machine, because with all that rocking back and 
forth you'd probably be able to get a lot of free games.

Why do so many people die?  If I was God I'd kill the person who 
invented death.

You can't tell me that cowboys, when the're branding cattle, don't 
sort of "accidentally" brand each other every once in a while.  It's 
their way of letting off stress.

You know one thing that will really make a woman mad? Just run 
up and kick her in the butt.  (P.S.  This also works with men.)

You know something that would really make me applaud?  A guy 
gets stuck in quicksand, then sinks, the suddenly comes shooting 
out, riding on water skis!  How do they do that?!

You know what would make a good story?  Something about a 
clown who make people happy, but inside he's real sad.  Also, he 
has severe diarrhea.













