"AND I QUOTE..."
John Burkardt

"It's the best bad idea we've had, sir, by far."
State Department employees, brainstorming a response to
the hostage crisis, after realizing none of the standard
approaches would work, as imagined in the movie 'Argo'.

"Skepticism is the chastity of the soul, 
 and it is a shame to surrender it too soon."
George Santayana.

"A game is the voluntary attempt to overcome unnecessary obstacles."
Bernard Suits, in 'The Grasshopper: Games, Life and Utopia'.

"Be very careful when dealing with the minor bureaucrat behind the glass 
 partition with his little rubber stamp.  It's true that there is not 
 much he can do, but there is no limit to what he can fail to do."
Jud Northbark.

"Those are my principles.  And if you don't like them, 
... well, I have others."
Groucho Marx.

"I wish he would bite my other generals!"
George II, on hearing the opinion that General James Wolfe,
who drove the French out of Canada, 
had no more manners than a mad dog.

"I'm going to turn this team around 360 degrees!"
Brewster Bragsheer, newly-appointed coach of the 
last-place Leamington Lemmings.

"I've been playing Patsy Cline longer than Patsy Cline did."
Kaya Bondi, who starred in 'Always...Patsy Cline' for over ten years.

"Sometimes I go around in pity for myself,
 and all the while, a great wind carries me across the sky."
A Transuranian proverb.

"If there's a better book than this, I haven't written it."
Stephen Colbert blurbs his book 'America Again: Re-becoming the Greatness 
We Never Weren't'.

"All I can say is that even though I can't make up my mind,
 when I do, I'll be mighty bitter about it."
John Kennedy, describing a conversation with a California delegate to
the 1960 convention, from whom he had requested support.

"When you tell me that 9 out of 10 forest fires are caused by humans,
 all I hear is that somewhere out there is a crazy bear with matches."
Brewster Bragsheer.

"A computer program written to solve problems in any spatial dimension
 is most likely to fail in the case of one dimension."
From 'The Rhyme of the Ancient Programmer'.

"Fear heard the knock at the door.
 Faith got up to answer.
 There was no one there."
Christopher Moltisanti.       

"I used to think that the brain was the greatest organ in the human body,
 then I realized, 'Hey! Look who's telling me that!'"
Emo Phillips.

"No matter how many you kill, you can't kill your successor."
Seneca, as Nero prepared another bloody purge of the Roman nobles.

"This recipe is horrible!  Maybe I should have left them in longer 
 than two minutes (the recipe doesn't say how long to leave them in 
 the freezer so I just kind of guessed) but mine came out all watery. 
 I won't be making these again."
Chef #1408275, in an angry comment about an online recipe for ice cubes.

"Every man is guilty of all the good things he failed to do." 
Voltaire.

"You are nothing but shit in a silk stocking!"
Napoleon, momentarily furious at Talleyrand.

"Napoleon was a self-made man, and he worshipped his creator."
Steven Englund.

"There is an old Latin saying - the French attack each other like wolves.
 This may be unfair - to wolves."
Steven Englund.

"Absence diminishes small passions and inflates large ones,
 as the wind extinguishes candles but whips up a fire."
La Rochefoucauld.       

"'Do you mind me asking how old you are, Mrs Walsh-Atkins?'
 'Can you keep a secret, Inspector?'
 'Yes.'
 'So can I', she whispered."
Colin Dexter, 'Service of All the Dead'.

"A word processor with automatic tabbing and indenting has
 all the specious advantages and disastrous consequences of
 an automatic flush toilet."
Jud Northbark.

"He is in the clean and well-lit prison of one idea."
G K Chesterton, speaking of a madman.

"Good career move."
Gore Vidal, commenting on the death of Truman Capote.

"A battleship's purpose is to give and not to receive."
C S Forester, putting a moral spin on naval warfare.

"Everyone knows that all your ancestors died in bed."
An Albanian insult.

"Number of persons fallen in the water: 2
 Number of persons saved: 2
 Total: 4"
Alexander Herzen reports an entry in the records of the Siberian bureaucracy.

"Critics meet and talk about aesthetics.  
 Artists meet and talk about turpentine."
Pablo Picasso.

"Parmenio: If I were Alexander, I should accept this offer.
 Alexander: So should I, if I were Parmenio."
An exchange between Alexander and his chief general Parmenio, on receipt of a
desperate and generous treaty offer from the Persian king Darius.

"Sir, if there is one thing above all others a successful man should know,
 it is when to stop."
Coenus, who had accompanied Alexander on a ten year journey of conquest
across Asia, asked whether he would support Alexander's desire to 
carry the battle into the seemingly endless plains of India.

"Neither."
The answer, given to the herald of Philip of Macedon,
father of Alexander the Great, who had gathered his
armies and marched across Greece to threaten the independent cities.
Before approaching Sparta, he sent a herald with the message
'Shall I come as friend or foe?'.

"Give your children enough to do something;
 but don't give them enough to do nothing."
Transuranian proverb.

"Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes.
 That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away 
 and you have their shoes."
Transuranian proverb.

"If he's such a good hitter, why doesn't he hit good?"
Oakland A's manager Billy Beane, challenging the formulas that expert 
baseball performance evaluators rely on.

"Just because you're excruciatingly critical 
 doesn't mean you’re not also naive."
Transuranian proverb.

"At the time that Virginia Woolf and James Joyce were writing,
 the world was very much as it is today,
 though to a lesser extent."
An earnest high school essayist, quoted by Meg Wolitzer in 'The Uncoupling'.

"Irrationally held truths may be more harmful than reasoned errors."
Thomas Huxley.

"Get your facts first.  Then you can distort them as much as you please."
Mark Twain.

"My late friend Stan Ulam used to remark that his life was sharply divided 
 into two halves.  In the first half, he was always the youngest person in 
 the group; in the second half, he was always the oldest.  
 There was no transitional period."
Gian Carlo Rota.

"A self made man is like a turtle on a fence post;
 no matter what he says, you know he had help getting there."
Transuranian proverb.

"Speaker:  This is going to be a fun workshop.  For instance, each time you
           ask a question, I'm going to give you a T-shirt from our company.
           Ah, and I see I already have a first question.  Yes?
 Attendee: Can I have a T-shirt?"
Observed during a software training session.

"Every time a friend succeeds, I die a little."
Gore Vidal.

"He has not a single redeeming defect."
Benjamin Disraeli on William Gladstone.

"He can compress the most words into the smallest ideas 
 better than any man I ever met."
Abraham Lincoln.

"I was a 20-year-old Oxford undergraduate at the time suffering from what I
 diagnosed as 'negative charisma' - I only had to walk across a crowded room
 in which I knew nobody and nobody knew me and already I had ten enemies."
Toby Young, in 'How to Lose Friends and Alienate People.

"Will you accept three hundred per week to work for Paramount Pictures?
 All expenses paid.  The three hundred is peanuts.  Millions are to be
 grabbed out here and your only competition is idiots.  Don't let this
 get around."
Telegram from Herman Mankiewicz to Ben Hecht.

"My prayer to God is a very short one:
 Oh Lord, make my enemies ridiculous."
Voltaire.

"His mind was like a soup dish, wide and narrow. 
 It could hold a small amount of nearly anything."
Irving Stone, on William Jennings Bryan.

"Man,The Vietnam war had such a profound effect on Music,﻿ 
 I wish all those people didn't have to die,
 but wouldn't that suck if this music wasn't out there??"
Philosophy in the age of social media.

"Wall Street Exec:  Now that you're my protege, it's time to clue you in
                    on the secret of success.   You know what that is?
 Fry:               Uh, work really really hard?
 Wall Street Exec:  No!
 Fry:               Oh, thank goodness!"
Futurama's Philip J Fry learns from his Wall Street executive buddy.

"My greatest astronomical discovery was Friedrich Wilhelm Bessel."
Heinrich Wilhelm Olbers, famous for his paradox that asks why the night
sky is dark if the universe is infinite.

"Astronomer:   This is the 100 inch telescope with which we are determining
               the structure of the universe.
Mrs Einstein: Oh, my husband just uses the back of an envelope."
Conversational exchange at Mount Wilson Observatory.

"If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses."
Henry Ford.

"I once drove through Nebraska, via I-80, days after my girlfriend broke 
 up with me, on a self-imposed road trip from Los Angeles to Cedar Rapids 
 to find my brother's shoulder and cry on it.  It is a long, straight, 
 hypnotically boring drive that not only gave me ample time to think 
 about the loss, but also put my recent heartbreak in much-needed 
  perspective.  It could be worse, I realized. I could live here."
Kevin Bleyer, 'Me the People'.

"I intend to open this country up to democracy, 
 and anyone who is against that, I will jail, I will crush."
General Joao Baptista Figueiredo, the last dictator of Brazil.

"What the sober man has on his mind,
 the drunken man has on his tongue."
A favorite proverb of Joseph Stalin, who was fond of insisting that
his ministers join him for all-night drinking parties.

"When the Okies left Oklahoma and moved to California, 
 they raised the average intelligence level in both states."
Will Rogers.

"I'm so old I knew Doris Day before she was a virgin."
Groucho Marx.

"To understand recursion, you must first understand recursion."
A Transuranian proverb.

"If this is the way Queen Victoria treats her convicts, 
 she doesn't deserve to have any."
Oscar Wilde, handcuffed, in pouring rain, and about to be taken to prison.

"TB or not TB, that is the question.
 Consumption be done about it?
 Of cough not!"
A Transuranian proverb.

"The French presidential election season only lasts a month.  
 But even their system is not perfect.
 You still end up with a French president."
Christopher Buckley:

"The rich man gets ice in the summer and the poor man gets it in the winter."
Bat Masterson.

"Silvan Tomkins was the author of 'Affect, Imagery, and Consciousness', 
 a four-volume work so dense that its readers were evenly divided between 
 those who understood it and thought it was brilliant, and 
 those who did not understand it and thought it was brilliant."
Malcolm Gladwell, in 'Blink'.

"Guards can keep away my enemies, but not my friends."
Julius Caesar, as quoted on the HBO series 'Rome'.

"Knowing when to stop is the beginning of wisdom."
A Transuranian proverb.

"I don't have time to ignore you."
Harried vice-presidential assistant Amy Brookheimer.

"Not only does he shit on my head but I'm supposed to say thanks for the hat."
Brendan Filone.

"If you want me to treat your ideas with more respect, get some better ideas."
John Scalvi.

"I've walked myself into some of my best thoughts."
Midnight rambler Soren Kierkegaard.        

"Yes, we got a warning.  But no one told us to pay attention to the warning."
Weston Easterly, who camped with three others in a narrow canyon 
despite a flood warning from park rangers, and was the only survivor after
a midnight storm sent a wall of water through the canyon.       

"A university is a sequence of individual faculty entrepreneurs
 united by a common grievance over parking."
Clark Kerr.

"With a stronger light you see more darkness."
Jud Northbark.

"Thoroughly conscious ignorance is a prelude 
 to every real advance in knowledge."
James Clerk Maxwell.

"If you don't see, then you don't know what you're looking at."
Television's football commentator John Madden.

"When Reza Shah mounted the Peacock throne, the country was plagued
 by thousands of bandits and brigands, but by the end of his reign
 there was only one left."
Brewster Bragsheer's 'Modern History of Iran'.

"Talk about God, talk about sin, and talk about five minutes."
Pastor Brewster Bragsheer's 'Letters to a Young Preacher'.

"Don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree."
Jud Northbark.

"Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die."
Jud Northbark.

"In a bureaucracy, you meet those gray men who say 
 'The answer is no.  What was the question?'."
Jud Northbark.

"In order to have one good idea, you must have nine bad ones."
Jud Northbark.

"Beauty is merely pornography without the sex."
Jud Northbark.

"In your first thirty years, you make habits;
 in your next thirty years, your habits make you."
A Transuranian proverb.

"I am a recovering assaholic."
Jean-Louis Gassee, 
who replaced Steve Jobs as head of the Macintosh division at Apple.

"Every lie creates a parallel world."
A Transuranian proverb.

"The best way to predict the future is to invent it."
Alan Kay.

"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication."
The first brochure from Apple.

"People may be entitled to their own opinions,
 but they're not entitled to their own facts!"
Jud Northbark

"Instead of looking for a needle in a haystack,
 what if you could ask each piece of hay if it was a needle?"
Attorney Cheryl Milone, who searches legal, government and scientific
records to challenge patent claims.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, I want you to know that I have suffered for my music.
 Now it's your turn."
Victor Borge.

"Well, for those who like that sort of thing, I should think it is just 
 about the sort of thing they would like."
Abraham Lincoln, asked by an author to comment on his book.

"'How Gravity Works' is completely new. 
  It contains nothing that we have been working on."
Maurice Cotterell.
quoting a review of his book by the Institute of Physics Publishing.

"It's all fun and games until someone gets blinded - 
 then it's all fun and games you can't see."
James Hetfield.
      
"One generation plants trees;
 the next generation gets the shade."
A Transuranian proverb.

"It took three days to try some of those accused of petty crimes, all of
 whom pleaded guilty in the hope of receiving prison sentences.  The
 following day, some of those who were freed tried to break into the
 jail, and were arraigned for causing a riot, which resulted in at
 least some of them achieving their objective of incarceration."
Ciaran O Murchadha, in 'The Great Famine', describing how starving
Irish peasants contrived to be fed.

"One of the great problems we have in the Republican party is that 
 we don't encourage you to be nasty."
Newt Gingrich.

"We're not lost.  We're just finding our way."
Inept trail scout Steven Meeks, 
reassuring the weary followers in his wagon train.

"John Updike simply cannot pass up any opportunity to tap dance in prose."
Joseph Epstein.

"Times are bad. Children no longer obey their parents, 
and everyone is writing a book."
Cicero.

"Physicists know everything about the Higgs particle, 
 except whether it exists."
Rolf-Dieter Heuer.

"He wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit him over the head with a hammer."
Jud Northbark.

"Would you please pass the salt, please?"
Albert Einstein.

"I know that half my advertising budget is wasted.
 What I don't know is which half."
John Wanamaker.

"Truth is our most precious possession.  Therefore, let us economize."
Mark Twain.

"A gentleman is one who never hurts another's feelings unintentionally."
Oscar Wilde.

"Father:   If I were you, I wouldn't do that.
 Daughter: Papa, if you were me means you would do what I do."
A wise child retort reported by Frank Wimberly.

"The cook was a good cook, as cooks go,<br>
 and as cooks go, she went."
Saki.

"Half the lies our opponents tell about me are not true."
Sir Boyle Roche.

"Now, I get a kick out of this, because I’m told all the time: 
'Santorum, quit trying to impose your ideas on everybody else.'
 But what's that? 
 Is that not trying to impose their morality on everybody else?"
Rick Santorum, during the 2012 New Hampshire primary.

"Explain it to me like I'm a Golden Retriever."
Jeremy Irons, in the movie 'Margin Call', challenging his financial analysts
to explain the catastrophic investments that have ruined his firm.

"A battle is nothing but a sequence of mistakes.  
 The side making the fewest mistakes wins."
A Transuranian proverb.

"Maurice Wilkes was teaching a course on elementary numerical 
 analysis, and he was being harassed by Velvel.  So he sent a 
 polite little note: 'Mr. Kahan, for the comments, why don’t 
 you come and see me privately?'  So Kahan went, and told him,
 of course, everything that was incorrect.  Now Wilkes wasn't 
 actually supposed to have taught that course; somebody else 
 had died.  So at the end, Wilkes said, 'Well, it’s only an 
 elementary course', to which Velvel responded: 'There's a 
 difference between an elementary course and a superficial one.'"
Gene Golub, recalling an academic dispute.

"He who chases two rabbits catches none."
A Transuranian proverb.

"Shit has its own integrity."
Gore Vidal, quoting the Wise Hack at the Writer's Table in the MGM Commissary.

"'No class', said my father, 'and plenty of it.'"
Richard Russo, in 'The Risk Pool', in which he and his father have stopped
in a trailer park to pick up a fishing buddy, who sleepily emerges
in his underwear and urinates on their car bumper.

"He flung himself upon his horse and rode madly off in all directions."
Stephen Leacock, 'Nonsense Novels'.

"Hypocrisy is the tribute that vice pays to virtue."
The Duc de la Rochefoucald.

"I am a doormat in a world of boots."
Jean Rhys.

"There is no antidote for the opium of time."
Thomas Browne.

"In the morning, he woke to twin realisations.
 The first was that she had left him.
 The second was that his sheets were on fire."
Howard Jacobson, 'The Finkler Question'.

"The well does not walk to the thirsty man."
Transuranian proverb.

"At his wife's wake, three guests remained, silently, after the others left.
 In the morning, the first guest arose and said, 'I am Shock, and I am going now.'
 Months later, the second guest remarked at the door, 
 'It is time for Grief to depart'.  
 'Do not worry,' said Loneliness, 'I can stay.'"
Brewster Bragsheer.

"A diplomat was given a tongue in order to conceal his thoughts."
Talleyrand.

"The only reason to win a Nobel prize is to be able to park on campus."
Saul Perlmutter, physics Nobelist 2011.

"Woody Allen: 'It was a boring movie.'
 Interviewer: 'I rather enjoyed it.'
 Woody Allen: 'Yes, but you were mistaken.'"
Woody Allen, interviewed about his first movie, 'What's New, Pussycat?'.

"It doesn't look like much, but it wasn't."
Woody Allen, revisiting his childhome home.

"In a thousand years, there will be many thousand recipients of the Nobel prize.
 But I have not less than four dozens of my creations identified with
 my name in the technical literature."
Nicola Tesla, who felt that the Nobel prize was awarded for small 
accomplishments rather than the discovery of new and fundamental principles, 
refused to consider sharing the 1915 Nobel prize in physics with Edison, 
which then went instead to a pair of X-ray crystallographers. 

"Any job is easy as long as I don't have to do it."
Jud Northbark.

"Being lucky is as good as being right!"
Homer Joseph Stewart, NASA scientist, who liked to smoke his cigarettes
to the end without ever flicking them, after showing experimental proof
that the design of the Mariner spacecraft was correct, and being told
he had merely been lucky.        

"If you quote me, you are lying!"
Newt Gingrich.

"In a museum in Havana there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus,
 one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
Mark Twain.

"In the exhibit-crammed fieldhouse in Vernal, I'd watched a
 couple show their daughter the models of the mastodon, bigger
 than a modern elephant, and of eohippus, smaller than the
 modern horse.  To her daughter, the mother had added matter-of-factly,
 'When Jesus came, he made all the animals the right size.'"
From 'Catapult: Harry and I Build a Siege Weapon', by Jim Paul.

"If a man truly loves a woman, he never lets her catch him cheating."
From the movie 'Woman on Top'.

"Next time I send some dumb son-of-a-bitch for a Coca-Cola, I go myself."
Director Michael Curtiz, complaining to Vincent Price when a gofer
didn't return with his drink quickly enough.

"In elections, it doesn't matter who votes, but who counts the votes."
Joseph Stalin.

"A language is just a dialect with an army and a navy."
Max Weinreich, Yiddish linguist.

"I believe I was the first to suggest that there should be an Arts Council
 grant for not writing a novel.  The candidate would submit an outline of
 the novel he proposed not to write.  If he proposed not to write a whole
 sequence of novels, the grant would be renewed annually."
Clive James, in the preface to 'Brilliant Creatures'.

"Cave ab homine unius libri.
 (Beware the man of just one book.)"
A Transuranian proverb.

"There is no such thing as the Scientific Revolution, 
 and this is a book about it."
Steven Shapin, 'The Scientific Revolution'.

"Here is six hundred a year for doing nothing, 
 and you are just the man to do it."
Lord Derby, appointing Charles Lever to the English consulate at Trieste.

"Those who voice prohibited truths are always more hated than those
  who spout obvious lies."
Glenn Greenwald.

"'Get up!  Haven't you heard that the early bird catches the worm?'
 'But Mom, what if I'm a worm?'"
Jeehyun Lee trying to rouse her son in the morning.

"It's always been my dream to be the most modest person in the world,
 though I'm sure I'd never deserve it."
Jud Northbark.

"Cheap energy from nuclear fusion is just 10 years away...and holding."
A disappointed physicist.

"The world's a city full of straying streets,
 And death's the market place where each one meets."
Shakespeare, in 'The Two Noble Kinsmen'.

"Heaven grant that the burden you carry may have as easy an exit
 as it had an entry."
Erasmus's blessing for pregnant women.

"Newt Gingrich has never had an unspoken thought."
Bob Beckel.

"The fiscal exactions of the tax collectors were so exorbitant that they
 drove free peasants to seek refuge in voluntary servitude to owners who
 would be responsible for their taxes, and in a typical medieval Russian
 paradox, this practice was forbidden and people were commanded to
 remain free."
William Henry Chamberlin, 'The Russian Revolution'.

"There's a plentiful supply of history, 
 and they're making more of it every day."
Jud Northbark.

"It's good to know the law, but it's better to know the judge."
Boss Tweed

"Only the shallow know themselves."
Oscar Wilde.

"Please don't be afraid to ask any question you want in this class.
 Remember, there is no such thing as a stupid question,
 only stupid people."
Mr Garrison.

"If your program doesn't run, that means it has an error in it.
 If your program does run, that means it has two errors in it."
Detelina's Law.

"Imperious Caesar, dead and turned to clay,
 Might stop a hole to keep the wind away."
Shakespeare, in 'Hamlet'.

"I am my own reality check."
Stephen Wolfram, taking on a thankless task.

"Year after year,
 on the monkey's face,
 the face of a monkey."
Basho.

"Stephen Wolfram is starting to give arrogance a bad name."
Dinsdale Pironeau, computational particle physicist.

"I once saw a book written by someone described on the flap as a
 Zen master, and though I didn't thumb its pages, it did seem to me
 a title describing something I'd known to be true -
 'Mouth Open Already a Mistake'."
David Guterson, 'The Other'.

"Historians: the prophets who look backwards."
Friedrich von Schlegel.

"I don't think I was ever going to slow down and relax until someone
 told me life was not an endless IN basket that I had to get through."
Brewster Bragsheer.

"I think Michelangelo said something like, if people knew how hard I
 worked, they wouldn't call me a genius, and I'm like, if people knew
 how little I worked on these songs, they wouldn't say I sucked."
Henry Phillips in 'Punching the Clown'.

"Any sufficiently well-meaning banality, ascribed to a famous person,
 acquires a luster of borrowed profundity."
Albert Einstein, in 'Before I Erase The Blackboard'.

"The Red Queen: 'Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible
                         things before breakfast...'
 Alice:         'Perhaps, but surely not all at the same time!'
 The Red Queen: 'Of course all at the same time, or where's the fun?'
 Alice:         'But that's impossible!'
 The Red Queen: 'There, now that's seven!'"
The Looking Glass Dossier.

"Now we know there's a better gift for Valentine's Day than chocolates."
Lazar Greenfield, incoming president of the American College of Surgeons,
suddenly the outgoing president, after commenting on the mood-enhancing 
effects of semen experienced by women having sex without condoms.

"Remember our motto - start slow and then give up."
Terry Darlington, trying to encourage his wife during a trip in which
they sailed a five-foot-wide canal boat across the English Channel.
        
"Men make their own history, but they do not make it just as they please."
Karl Marx, in 'The 18th Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte'.

"As an experimental psychologist, 
 I have been trained not to believe anything
 unless it can be demonstrated in the laboratory on rats or sophomores."
Steven Pinker, in 'Words and Rules'.

"It must be manifest that if this were true, the population of the world
 would be at a standstill.  I would suggest that in the next edition of 
 your poem, you have it read 
   'Every moment dies a man, Every moment 1 1/16 is born.'
 The actual figure is so long I cannot get it onto a line, but I believe
 the figure 1 1/16 will be sufficiently accurate for poetry."
Charles Babbage, correcting William Wordsworth's line:
  'Every moment dies a man, Every moment one is born'.

"The road to wisdom?  Well, it is plain
 And simple to express:
 Err and err and err again,
 But less and less and less."
Piet Hein.

"Those who can remember the past feel compelled to quote it."
George Sayitagainya.

"The bearing of a child takes nine months, 
 no matter how many women are assigned."
Frederick Brooks,
in 'The Mythical Man-Month: Essays on Software Engineering'.

"God is a comedian playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh."
A Transuranian proverb.

"I have learned that when you say anything controversial,
 you are likely to be blamed not so much for what you have said
 as for what people think that someone who has said what you said
 would also say."
Steven Weinberg, occasional commentator on the dispute between
science and religion.

"Madness is the ability to make fine distinctions 
 among different kinds of nonsense."
Stanislaw Ulam, a founder of the Monte Carlo simulation technique,
who determined how to initiate fusion in the hydrogen bomb, and 
subsequently became an advocate of arms control.

"In trying to get votes for the Superconducting Super Collider, 
 I was very much involved in lobbying members of Congress, 
 testifying to them, bothering them, and I never heard any of them 
 talk about postmodernism or social constructivism.  
 You have to be very learned to be that wrong."
Steven Weinberg, particle physicist.

"The philosophy of science is as useful to scientists 
 as ornithology is to birds."
Steven Weinberg, devisor of the electroweak unification theory.

"Truth emerges more readily from error than from confusion."
Francis Bacon.

"Revenge is like serving cold cuts."
Tony Soprano, waste management specialist.

"The juvenile sea squirt wanders through the sea 
 searching for a suitable rock or hunk of coral 
 to cling to and make its home for life. 
 For this task it has a rudimentary nervous system. 
 When it finds its spot and takes root, 
 it doesn't need its brain any more so it eats it. 
 It's rather like getting tenure."
Daniel Dennett, 'Consciousness Explained'.

"Remember the Golden Rule: Them that has the gold makes the rules."
The Wizard of Id.

"Die?  Why that's the last thing I shall do!"
The last words of the irascible Lord Palmerston.

"Allan Felix: What are you doing Saturday night?
 Woman:       Committing suicide.
 Allan Felix: What about Friday night?"
Allan Felix, desperate for a date, in Woody Allen's 'Play it Again, Sam'.

"Sonya: Sex without love is an empty experience.
 Boris: Yes, but as empty experiences go, it's one of the the best!"
Woody Allen's 'Love and Death'.

"Screen legend Elizabeth Taylor died Wednesday in her hospital room,
 surrounded by her child."
A curiously-worded TV 'news-crawler'.

"A man can die but once: we owe God a death: 
 and let it go which way it will, 
 he that dies this year is quit for the next."
Feeble, in 'Henry IV Part II'.

"DEJA-NEW: The eerie feeling that you've probably never done this before."
Jud Northbark's Fictionary of Argot, Cant, and Jive.

"Tata's best known frugal product, the Tata Nano, has run into problems:
 some cars have suffered what the vice-chairman calls 'thermal incidents'...
 and what his customers call 'catching fire'."
The Economist.

"And if your aunt had wheels, she'd be a bus."
One of a pair of contradictory Transuranian proverbs.

"If your aunt had wheels, she still wouldn't be a bus."
One of a pair of contradictory Transuranian proverbs.

"When the axe came into the forest, one tree said,
 'Don't worry, the handle is one of us!'"
Transuranian proverb.

"And then there was Goff's Low Ash cat food ('contains only 1.5
 percent ash'), which may have been designed to appeal to those
 knowledgeable about cat food ingredients, but still seems akin
 to naming a frankfurter 'Few Mouse Hairs'."
Neil Steinberg, in 'Complete and Utter Failure'.

"Thus did I become a 'Social Science Correspondent' on a paper that
 had yet to be printed: a Gogol-like ghost job which I held for about
 six months before its editor said something to me that made it impossible
 for me to go on working for him - 'You're fired' were the exact
 words as I remember them."
Christopher Hitchens.

"My face looks like a wedding-cake left out in the rain."
W. H. Auden.

"Snob: I suppose you know my ancestors came over with William the Conqueror.
 John Smith: Yes indeed, since mine were here waiting for you."
Trumping a snob.

"The Freemasons: this mafia for the mediocre."
Christopher Hitchens.

"Death has this much to be said for it:
 You don't have to get out of bed for it.
 Wherever you happen to be
 They bring it to you - free."
Kingsley Amis.

"Why are you engineers always bothering me for money for more expensive
 equipment and laboratories?  Why can't you be like the math
 department?  They only ask for paper and trashcans!  Or better
 yet, the philosophy department.  They just ask for paper!"
Dean Gradgrind of Hardtack University.

"Wife:   Don't smoke, you'll cough!
 Husband: But I cough better when I smoke!"
From the Czech movie 'Autumn Spring', in which an eighty-year-old man
refuses to behave.

"To be Prince of Wales is not a position; it is a predicament!"
The future George IV, impatient for his father to go mad or die,
as voiced by Alan Bennett in 'The Madness of King George'.

"Lectures," said McCrimmon, "are our most flexible art form.
 Any idea, however slight, can be expanded to fill fifty-five minutes;
 any idea, however great, can be condensed to that time.  And if no
 ideas are available, there can always be discussion.  Discussion
 is the vacuum that fills the vacuum."
John Kenneth Galbraith, in 'A Tenured Professor'.

"They say it's important to live each day as if it were your last.
 What?  Drunk, six cigarettes in my mouth, sobbing down the phone
 at all the relatives I haven't called in years?"
Tom Shone.

"In Texas, anyone driving at the posted speed limit will never
 arrive at their destination."
Jud Northbark.

"I can honestly say I left the job exactly the same way that
 I took it up: fired with enthusiasm."
Clark Kerr, after being dismissed from his university job
by governor Ronald Reagan.

"When you tell an Iowan a joke, you can see a kind of race
 going on between his brain and his expression."
Bill Bryson, in 'The Lost Continent'.

"The longest suicide note in history."
Gerald Kaufman, describing the British Labour Party's manifesto
for the 1983 election, which party leader Michael Foot had decreed
would contain the text of every resolution approved at the party
congress.

"Arthur Koestler was capable of reciting the truths of
 the multiplication table in a way to make some people
 indignant with him."
Sydney Hook, on the combative author of 'Darkness at Noon'.

"It took Cheops twenty years to build his pyramid, but if he
 had a lot of trustees, contractors, and newspaper reporters
 to worry him, he might not have finished it by that time.
 The advantages of modern engineering are in many ways over
 balanced by the disadvantages of modern civilization."
Washington Roebling, after thirteen years of controversy as
the Chief Engineer of the Brooklyn Bridge.

"I can no longer be taught by the man who taught my enemy.
 So what is more fitting in a mad world than to be taught by
 the man who taught the man who taught my enemy?"
Scaramouche, as played by that ham-slinger Stewart Granger.

"No man in our annals has filled so large a space -
 and left it so empty."
Charles Edward Arnold, on James G Blaine, who lost the presidential
race to Grover Cleveland in 1884.

"Antoni Gaudi seems to have designed the church of the Holy Family
 out of melted candle wax and chicken guts."
Robert Hughes.

"Now I know I'm making a lot of fun of fat people.
 But I don't want any of you fat people to be uncomfortable
 during my show.
 So next time, why don't you go ahead and pay for two seats?"
Comedian Ricky Gervais.

"That pond it seems me many multiplied of fishes.
 Let us amuse rather to the fishing."
Jose da Fonseca and Pedro Carolino, in 'English as She is Spoke'.

"If not a Hun, I thought, then an Austrian, surely - somewhere
 German-speaking, at any rate; all that gloom and soulfulness
 could only be the result of an upbringing among compound words."
John Banville, in the spy novel 'The Untouchable'.

"Can you open the shutters, please?"
The last words of Goethe, which were poeticized into 'More light!'.

"It is wholly a confusion of ideas to suppose that the economical
 use of fuel is equivalent to diminished consumption.  The very
 contrary is the truth."
William Stanley Jevons, in 'The Coal Question', 1865, asserting that
Britain's use of coal was unsustainable, and that measures to
use coal more efficiently would not delay the crisis.

"The thicker the hay, the easier the mowing."
Alaric, chief of the Goths, after a delegation from Rome warned him
that every man, woman and child in the city would resist his assault.

"Dig deep enough and you hit water; 
 think hard enough and you hit a mystery."
A Transuranian proverb.

"If you just talk, I find that your mouth comes out with stuff."
Ricky Gervais.

"Twenty-two acknowledged concubines, and a library of sixty-two thousand
volumes, attested the variety of his inclinations, and from the productions
which he left behind, it appears that the former as well as the latter
were designed for use rather than ostentation."
Edward Gibbon, in 'The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'.

"To find many things, look for one."
A Transuranian proverb.

"So might a carpenter, looking at the moon, 
 suppose that it is made of wood."
Steven Weinberg's acidic epitome of Stephen Wolfram's proposal,
in 'A New Kind of Science', that everything in the universe,
and the universe itself, is a cellular automaton.

"Vice President Biden described the complex nature of the security
 problem in Afghanistan, commenting that besides the demography,
 geography and history of the region, we have a lot going for us."
Extract from a diplomatic cable following a meeting between
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and US Vice President Joe Biden.

"During the first day or two she tried to get on with War and Peace,
 but found it depressing, and as time went on she suffered from
 that sense of unworthiness which attacks sensitive people who
 have been rebuffed by a classic."
Robertson Davies, in 'A Mixture of Frailties'.

"You must have a REALLY beautiful wife!"
A left-handed compliment, made after staring at the picture of
a colleague's daughter for a long time, and then back at the colleague.

"You may go far with a smile and a kind word;
 you'll go farther with a smile, a kind word, and a gun."
Beverage distributor Al Capone.

"No one ever learned a bad habit from a horse."
Marine Corps lieutenant general Victor 'Brute' Kruluk
recalls advice from his father.

"My goal is to be a millionaire by the age of 25,
 so I'm not wasting my time starting out at a minimum wage job."
Unemployed couch warmer and imaginary celebrity Rob Kardashian (23)
explains why he's turning down an internship.

"You're lucky he only showed you the dog."
Stephen Harper, prime minister of Canada, after George Bush recalled
how Vladimir Putin had bragged that his dog was bigger, stronger,
and faster than Bush's.

"Nonsmokers die every day.  And you know what doctors say?
 If only you'd smoked, we'd have the technology to help you.
 It's you people dying from nothing that are screwed!"
Bill Hicks.

"The plural of 'anecdote' is not 'data'!"
Ben Goldacre, in 'Bad Science: Quacks, Hacks, and Big Pharma Flacks'.

"On rereading the above paragraph I have the feeling that
 the late Mr Henry James would be far from happy with it,
 but as there are a great many of his paragraphs that I am
 far from happy with, I shall let it stay."
Noel Coward, in 'Pomp and Circumstance'.

"Having one child makes you a parent;
 having two makes you a referee."
David Frost.

"I am not an ambulance chaser;
 I am usually there before the ambulance."
Melvin Belli.

"There was no need to do any housework at all.
 After the first four years, the dirt doesn't get any worse."
Quentin Crisp, author of 'The Naked Civil Servant'.

"I've not even started working yet,
 but I will now have to work longer -
 that is, if I can find a job."
A French student,
protesting the proposal to raise the retirement age from 60 to 62,
which means he'll have to wait two more years to 'inherit' a job.

"If you think you understand the way time is expressed
 in a novel, consider the sentence 'Tomorrow was Christmas.'"
Gordon Eugene Nelson.

"It's not where you look that matters, but what you see."
 Henry David Thoreau, Walden Pond real estate developer.

"No one tests the river's depth using both feet."
A Transuranian proverb.

"A good sentence in prose should be like a good sentence in poetry:
 unchangeable."
Gustave Flaubert, meticulous stylist.

"Computing is no more about computers
 than astronomy is about telescopes."
Edsger Dijkstra, computer science's 'go to' guy.

"He was dull in a new way, and that made many people think him great."
Samuel Johnson, describing the poet Thomas Gray.

"'You don't have to study.'
 'How do you know I don't have to study?'
 'Because you go to B.U.!'"
Mark Zuckerberg bickering with his girlfriend Erica, as portrayed in
the movie 'The Social Network'.

"He was this nerdy guy who was just a little bit out there.
 I remember he had these beer glasses that said
 'pound include beer dot H'."
Priscilla Chan recalls her first meeting with Facebook founder
Mark Zuckerberg.

"'Do you think Willem could make you laugh?' I asked my wife.
 'I saw him smile once and I had nightmares, but what do I know?'"
Film producer Art Linson, fishing for support after agreeing to the
casting of Willem Dafoe in the starring role of an action comedy.

"Like the soil of his native New England,
 his mind is naturally barren but highly cultivated."
Chauncey DePew, speaking of his fellow senator Henry Cabot Lodge.

"Without models, there are no data."
Paul Edwards, in 'A Vast Machine:
Computer Models, Climate Data, and the Politics of Global Warming'.

"For every Southern boy fourteen years old,
 not once but whenever he wants it,
 there is the instant when it’s still not yet two o'clock
 on that July afternoon in 1863."
William Faulkner.

"The past is never dead; it's not even past."
William Faulkner.

"Lead me not into temptation.  I can find it myself."
The coffee cup motto of Joy Carroll, who inspired 'Vicar of Dibley'.

"A character in an early novel of mine graded women for a hobby.
 He would give them either A, B, C, D, F or Incomplete.
 Incomplete was his biggest category.  He was a very hard grader."
Screenwriter and author William Goldman.

"Loyalty to any one sports team is pretty hard to justify,
 because the players are always changing,
 the team could move to another city.
 You're actually rooting for the clothes, when you get right down to it."
Jerry Seinfeld.

"I pointed to the screen monitoring the snarled traffic
 at the city center and asked 'Is that the worst part?';
 my guide stroked his chin, waved his hand across the
 wall of screens he was monitoring, and finally said,
 'It's all the worst part.'"
Brewster Bragsheer, in 'Stranger, Hurry By'.

"Beige for the beigeous."
A Transuranian proverb.

"Not everyone born in a stable is a horse."
A Transuranian proverb.

"The past is a foreign country; they do things differently there."
L P Hartley, in 'The Go-Between'.

"I'm dressing mod 7."
Jud Northbark, upon being told that he was wearing the same shirt
this Monday as last Monday, explaining that most of his clothes
were packed in preparation for a move.

"People are broad-minded. They'll accept the fact that a person can
 be an alcoholic, a dope fiend, a wife beater and even a newspaperman
 ...but if a man doesn't drive, there's something wrong with him."
Art Buchwald.

"Grandma Esther was the loudmouthed immigrant who suddenly becomes
 a member of your family.  I once heard her ask a women in her
 condo complex, 'Why do you hate me, fatso?'"
Rich Cohen, in 'Sweet and Low'.

"With our writing service you can be 100% sure that you will not
 buy a plagiarized paper and even get a free plagiarism report!
 Everything you pay for is completely unique!"
From the website 'Custom Essay'.

"In the 1940's, a competition in the New Statesman invited readers
 to parody Graham Greene.  Greene himself entered, under a pseudonym,
 and only came second."
The Economist, 17 July 2010.

"If you walk to the end of the block, there sits a Starbucks.
 And directly across the street -
 in the exact same building as that Starbucks -
 there is another Starbucks.
 There is a Starbucks across the street from a Starbucks!
 And ladies and gentlemen, that is the end of the universe."
Lewis Black.

"Computer scientists want to study computing for its own sake;
 computational scientists want to build useful things."
Greg Wilson.

"The problem with high school calculus is that
 it convinces students that they have mastered it;
 as they flounder in college calculus,
 they naturally accuse their instructor of having made them stupid."
Professor Lee Squires.

"I knew a lad who went to sea,
 and left the land behind him.
 I knew him well - the lad was me,
 and now I cannot find him."
Transuranian folksong.

"[Admiral Ernest] King's daughter described her father as an
 even-tempered man: 'He was always angry'."
Max Hastings, in 'Retribution: The Battle for Japan 1944-1945'.

"War: Once you've been there, once you've seen it,
 you never want to go there again unless you absolutely have to.
 It's like France."
General Miller, in the movie 'In the Loop'.

"Anyone in America who might wish to be alone has only
 to step out onto the nearest sidewalk."
Jud Northbark, in 'An Almanac of Scorn'.

"Much was said this night against the parliament.  I said that,
 as it seemed to be agreed that all Members of Parliament became
 corrupted, it was better to chuse men already bad,
 and so save good men."
James Boswell, recalling a late night discussion.

"The life of everyone on board depends upon just one thing:
 finding someone back there who can not only fly this plane,
 but who didn't have fish for dinner."
A stewardess, talking to the passengers in 'Zero Hour',
the inspiration for 'Airplane'.

"I hope it will not shock experimental physicists too much
 if I say that we do not accept their observations
 unless they are confirmed by theory."
Sir Arthur Eddington.

"Hope is good, but it's all that waiting that spoils it."
A Transuranian proverb.

"Shall I refuse my dinner because I do not understand digestion?"
Engineer Oliver Heaviside, responding to the attacks of mathematical
purists against his ad hoc inventions of the step function and
other calculational devices with which he could solve problems
they had found intractable.

"The Riviera - a sunny place for shady people."
Somerset Maugham.

"Paying your creditors only encourages them."
Richard Brinsley Sheridan,
playwright, member of Parliament, and notorious debtor.

"Some folk want their luck buttered."
Thomas Hardy, who expected little from life and was rarely disappointed.

"Wagner's music is better than it sounds."
Mark Twain.

"An autobiography is only to be trusted when it reveals
 something disgraceful."
George Orwell.

"...same old sausage, fizzing and sputtering in his own grease."
Henry James (the elder) on the cantankerous historian and critic
Thomas Carlyle.

"Gentlemen, even if one allows that he is an important writer,
 are we next to invite an elephant to be the Professor of Zoology?"
Roman Jakobsson, explaining his opposition to appointing Vladimir
Nabokov to a tenured professorship at Harvard based on his
achievements as a writer.

"There's no use in meeting trouble halfway."
A Transuranian proverb.

"Is not a Patron, my Lord, one who looks with unconcern
 on a man struggling for life in the water, and, when he
 has reached ground, encumbers him with help?"
Samuel Johnson, about to publish his dictionary, responding to
Lord Chesterfield's efforts to offer belated patronage.

"As a writer, he has mastered everything except language;
 as a novelist, he can do everything except tell a story;
 as an artist, he is everything except articulate."
Oscar Wilde, on the novelist George Meredith.

"I have no wish to know anyone sitting in a sewer and adding to it."
Thomas Carlyle,
refusing to be introduced to the poet Algernon Charles Swinburne.

"We are all interested in the future,
 for that is where you and I are going to spend the rest of our lives."
Plan 9 From Outer Space.

"Very small."
Paul Dirac, asked for his impressions of the Queen, who had just
awarded him the Order of Merit in a private ceremony in 1973.

"I promise you, you don't need a cat license.  There is no such thing!"
From the Monty Python skit 'Eric the Half-a-Bee'.

"Kitty:    I was reading a book the other day.
 Carlotta: Reading a book?
 Kitty:    Yes. It's all about civilization or something.
           A nutty kind of a book.  Do you know that the guy
           says that machinery is going to take the place
           of every profession?
 Carlotta: Oh, my dear.
           That's something you need never worry about."
The closing lines in the movie 'Dinner at Eight', between Kitty,
a floozy played by Jean Harlow, and the ancient actress Carlotta
Vance, played by Marie Dressler,

"The 't' is silent, as in 'Harlow'."
Margot Asquith, correcting the pronunciation of her name.

"A bad sentence cannot be corrected;
 it should never have been written."
Chandrasekhar, during his tenure as associate managing editor of
The Astrophysical Journal.

"My colleagues are spherical bastards;
In other words, no matter how you look at them, they're bastards."
Cal Tech astronomer Fritz Zwicky.

"How nice to have all the wrong things in one place."
Astronomer Arthur Eddington, commenting on the appearance of
the book 'An Introduction to the Study of Stellar Structures' by
his rival Chandrasekhar.

"'Do you like it here in Russia?'
 'Yes,' I said.  'My parents are Russian.
  Life is difficult here sure, but ...'
 'Don't worry,' he said, 'Things are going to get much worse,
  and then you'll like it even more.'"
Ingrid Bengis, in 'Metro Stop Dostoevsky'.

"I've got nothing, you've got nothing and he's got nothing.
 That's just enough to start a factory!"
The character Karol Borowiecki in Wajda's movie 'The Promised Land'.

"What is love, except thinking you're in it?"
David Lodge, in 'Therapy'.

"The most dreadful thing that can happen to a man is to become
 ridiculous in his own eyes in a matter of essential importance."
Soren Kierkegaard.

"The last 29 days of the month are the hardest."
The young Nikola Tesla, describing his struggle to stay afloat
after impulsively moving to Paris.

"'No, no!' said the Queen. 'Sentence first - verdict afterwards.'"
Lewis Carroll, in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.

"Notions will hurt none but those that have them."
Oliver Cromwell, addressing the opening of Parliament in 1654.

"You can't be a real country unless you have a beer and an airline.
 It helps if you have some kind of a football team or some nuclear weapons,
 but at the very least you need a beer."
Frank Zappa.

"I love to have written."
Dorothy Parker.

"If you want to know what God thinks of money,
 look at the people he gave it to."
Dorothy Parker.

"Alas, today for the first time in his life the good Bishop's brains
 came in contact with reality.  The result, I'm afraid, was fatal."
Thomas Huxley, who had publicly debated Bishop 'Soapy Sam' Wilberforce
about evolution, upon hearing that the bishop had died after a head
injury from falling from his horse.

"I'm going to tell you a delicious piece of gossip.
 Now listen very carefully, because I'm only going to tell it once
 because I promised not to repeat it!"
Hans Habe, quoted by Tony Randall in 'Which Reminds Me'.

"The great secret of living in the country
 is not to get on too well with your neighbours."
John Mortimer, in the novel 'Dunster'.

"Plagiarize, plagiarize,
 Let no one's work escape your eyes!"
The key to academic success without all that stress.

"Nothing, for example, is more difficult than to convince the merely
 general reader that the fact of sixes having been thrown twice in
 succession by a player at dice, is sufficient cause for betting the
 largest odds that sixes will not be thrown again on the third attempt.
 A suggestion to this effect is usually rejected by the intellect at once.
 It does not appear that the two throws which have been completed, and 
 which lie now absolutely in the Past, can have influence upon the throw 
 which exists only in the Future.  The chance for throwing sixes seems to 
 be precisely as it was at any ordinary time - that is to say, subject 
 only to the influence of the various other throws which may be made by 
 the dice.  And this is a reflection which appears so exceedingly obvious 
 that attempts to controvert it are received more frequently with a 
 derisive smile than with any thing like respectful attention.  The error 
 here involved - a gross error redolent of mischief - I cannot pretend to 
 expose within the limits assigned me at present; and with the 
 philosophical it needs no exposure.  It may be sufficient here to say 
 that it forms one of an infinite series of mistakes which arise in the 
 path of Reason through her propensity for seeking truth in detail."
Edgar Allan Poe, in 'The Mystery of Marie Roget',
wondering why his sure-fire gambling scheme hasn't caught on.

"There comes Poe, with his raven, like Barnaby Rudge,
 Three-fifths of him genius and two-fifths sheer fudge."
James Russell Lowell, in 'A Fable for Critics'.

"The following morning, a local farmer named James McShane
 came across Payne sprawled facedown, sobbing in the wet grass.
 The smell of alcohol hung in the air.  To McShane, this could
 mean only one thing.  'My dear man,', he said, 'Are you a Frenchman?'"
Daniel Stashower, in 'The Beautiful Cigar Girl'.

"Human nature is not only about as bad as it can be,
 but a great deal worse."
Somerset Maugham, in 'The Moon and Sixpence'.

"Thank you Mary, you have entertained us quite enough."
Mr Bennet, in 'Pride and Prejudice', seeking to gracefully curtail his
daughter's excruciating performance.

"Isn't that the right time to stop -
 when people still think you're charming?"
Elizabeth Bennet, played by Greer Garson,
in the 1940 film of 'Pride and Prejudice'.

"It is only the first bottle of wine that is expensive."
A Transuranian proverb.

"You can count the seeds in an apple,
 but you can't count the apples in a seed."
Ken Kesey.

"Awards, honors and medals exert a gravitational field.
 Getting the first one is very difficult;
 after that, they fall effortlessly into your lap."
Jud Northbark.

"Anything worth doing is worth overdoing."
Mick Jagger.

"A mule will labor ten years willingly and patiently for you,
 for the privilege of kicking you once."
William Faulkner.

"The trouble with bad art is that the artist knows exactly what he's doing."
Tom Stoppard.

"Every great cause begins as a movement, becomes a business,
 and eventually degenerates into a racket."
Eric Hoffer.

"You may write as carelessly and badly as this
 when you have become famous.  Until then,
 you must take some care."
Voltaire, returning a manuscript to a would-be writer.

"No one is ever happy.  It's either
 we should have cancelled and we didn't, or
 we didn't cancel and we should have."
Sherwood Wilson, Virginia Tech VP for Administrative Services,
about snow days.

"He who is absent is wrong."
The nimble diplomat Talleyrand, 
who managed to thrive on both sides of the French Revolution.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, the subject I am about to present to you
 may seem appallingly difficult, but I assure you that with just
 six months of diligent study you will be able to fully share
 my current state of utter confusion."
Professor Jud Northbark, first day of class.

"Louder!  Louder!  I can still hear the singers!"
Richard Strauss exhorting his orchestra.

"He's such a liar that not even the opposite is true."
Ferenc Molnar.

"A fanatic redoubles his effort when he has forgotten his aim."
George Santayana.

"Results!  Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results.
 I know several thousand things that won't work."
Thomas Edison, when an associate suggested that he might feel
disappointment in having done so much work without any results
to show for it.

"And what were you going to offer the thirteenth Caesar?"
Tiberius Caesar, turning down the Senate's offer to name September
after him, following the precedents of July and August.

"Being president of the University of California
 is like being manager of a cemetery:
 there are many people under you, but no one is listening."
Mark Yudof.

"We see a low-tech version of motion-capture every time Jessica Biel acts."
Film reviewer Wesley Morris.

"Never apologize too quickly."
The first rule of married life.

"I have never put myself to the trouble of rummaging
 through an immense rubbish-heap on the problematical
 chance of discovering a cigar-end."
King Edward VII, after Winston Churchill suggested that
he subscribe to a press-cutting agency.

"Dammit, Dad, if I spend all my time trying to find my mistakes,
 I won't have time to make new ones."
David Hays, in 'My Old Man and the Sea'.

"Millions long for immortality,
 who don't know what to do with themselves
 on a rainy Sunday afternoon."
Susan Ertz, in 'Anger in the Sky'.

"Once your in-basket is actually overflowing,
 there's no point in refusing even more work."
Overworked, and learning to live with it.

"Hemingway pissed here."
A historical plaque in Key West,
placed by someone who'd seen one too many of them.

"Arthur Koestler was not a skeptic at all.
 Yes, he saw darkness at noon.
 But he always saw another blinding light at 2pm."
Johann Hari.

"The only question I ever ask a woman is
 'what time is your husband coming home?'."
Hud, as played by Paul Newman, in 'Hud'.

"Politicians, ugly buildings and whores all get respectable
 if they last long enough."
Noah Cross, as played by John Huston, in 'Chinatown'.

"It is defeats that make one a human being.
 A man who never understands his defeats
 takes nothing with him into the future."
Aksel Sandemose.

"In this business, success is 99% perseverance and 1% talent.
 Congratulations, gentlemen, you are 99% there!"
Publishing executive Arthur Planck, played by Bob Balaban in 'Dedication'.

"It has all been very interesting."
Last words of Lady Mary Wortley Montagu, 1689-1762.

"I like work.  It fascinates me.  I can sit and look at it for hours."
Jerome K Jerome, author of 'Three Men in a Boat'.

"If people do not believe that mathematics is simple,
 it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is."
John von Neumann.

"Unless your words are more important than silence, hold your tongue."
A Transuranian proverb.

"Perfection is finally attained not when there is no longer
 anything to add, but when there is no longer anything to take away."
Antoine de Saint-Exupery.

"As a historian,
 I cannot believe how low the standards are in mathematics!
 In my field, no one would put forth an argument
 without at least ten proofs, whereas in mathematics
 they stop as soon as they have found a single one!"
An irate historian berating Andrey Kolmogorov.

"Man may escape from rope and gun;
 Who takes a woman must be undone."
John Gay.

"Chaos theory - an explanation in search of a problem."
The Economist magazine.

"Reminds me of the old joke about the pensioner convicted of murder.
'Thirty years, your Honor,' he protests.  'It's too much!  I'll never
 manage it!'
 And the judge says: 'Well, just do as many as you can...'"
Joanne Harris in 'Gentlemen and Players'.

"Seeing I was here for such a short time,
 it was hardly worth coming at all."
Epitaph for a baby born at midnight who survived only two minutes.

"It's certain there is no fine thing
 Since Adam's fall but needs much labouring."
William Butler Yeats, 'Adam's Curse'.

"Still, almost no one can avoid occasional pedestrian status."
The Federal Highway Administration, which will still forgive you.

"You know what description you never want a woman you've slept with
 to apply to your sexual technique? 'Baffling'."
Mary Elizabeth Williams,
in the Salon article 'How not to make love like a porn star'.

"NEVER MIND THE DOGS -
 BEWARE OF OWNER!"
J. Maarten Troost reports a warning sign on a house on Vanuatu,
in 'Getting Stoned with Savages'.

"Cousin Zeb:          Is this a game of chance?
 Cuthbert J Twillie:  Not the way I play it, no."
Cuthbert J Twillie (W C Fields in 'My Little Chickadee").

"Euler published 228 papers after he died,
 making the deceased Euler
 one of history's most prolific mathematicians."
William Dunham.

"A Conservative is one who is enamored of existing evils,
 as distinguished from the Liberal,
 who wishes to replace them with others."
Ambrose Bierce, diabolical lexicographer.

"Fluids are a lot easier to drink than they are to understand."
Alan Newell.

"You don't know who's swimming naked til the tide goes out."
Warren Buffett.

"Although God cannot alter the past, historians can."
Samuel Butler.

"A dirty mind is a perpetual feast."
Needlepoint slogan on a pillow in an historic Savananh mansion.

"I've had a perfectly wonderful evening.  But this wasn't it."
Groucho Marx makes a thoughtful farewell to his host.

"Do you understand what prime numbers are?  Because if you
 don't you should just leave now."
The opening warning in the thiller 'Fermat's Room', in which
the victims must solve math puzzles or be crushed to death.

"Taniyama was not a very careful person as a mathematician.
 He made a lot of mistakes, but he made mistakes in a
 good direction, and so eventually, he got right answers, and I tried
 to imitate him, but I found out that it is very difficult to make good
 mistakes."
Goro Shimura, of the Shimura-Taniyama Conjecture.

"This project is too important to be held up by projects that
 are more important!"
An agitated project manager.

"Arthur Dent:  It's at times like this I wish I had listened to my mother.
 Ford Prefect: Why?  What did she say?
 Arthur Dent:  I don't know.  I never listened."
Douglas Adams, in 'The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy'.

"Those who restrain passion do so because
 theirs is weak enough to be restrained."
William Blake.

"The reason there are bugs in the bed is that they're too scared
 to get down on the floor."
The front desk clerk at a Third World hotel.

"People wouldn't mind rush hour nearly so much if it didn't occur just
 when everyone's trying to get back home."
Jud Northbark.

"The more he looked inside, the more Piglet wasn't there."
A A Milne, 'The House at Pooh Corner'.

"In the space of one hundred and seventy-six years, the Lower Mississippi
 has shortened itself two hundred and forty-two miles.  That is an average
 of a trifle over one mile and a third per year.  Any person can see that
 seven hundred and forty-two years from now the Lower Mississippi will
 be only a mile and three-quarters long.  There is something fascinating
 about science.  One gets such wholesale returns of conjecture out of
 such a trifling investment of fact."
Mark Twain.

"I am going to let you out for the afternoon to walk around the town.
 But you have to be back by six.  If you're not, I'm locking the doors,
 and I won't let you back in."
Sheriff Percy Egglefield, of Essex County, New York, laying out the
law to a new inmate of his jail.

"I do not feel I was guilty of carelessness.
 I just forgot, simply forgot,
 to close the door to the cobra's cage after I cleaned it."
Grace Olive Wiley, short-time snake curator at Chicago's Brookfield Zoo.

"I'd knock that boy's brains out if I knew where to hit him."
Big Boy Matson, in Max Evans's 'The Hi Lo Country'.

"Now the exclamation mark doesn't mean we're really excited
 about that letter n."
Addison Frey, mathematics professor at Alfred University,
explaining the 'n!' notation for the factorial.

"There are 10^11 stars in the galaxy.  That used to be a huge number.
 But it's only a hundred billion.  It's less than the national deficit.
 We used to call them astronomical numbers.  Now we should call them
 economical numbers."
Richard Feynman.

"The people who live in a Golden Age go around complaining
 how yellow everything looks."
Randall Jarrell, poet, and former occupant of what he considered the
most poetically titled job in the Air Force -
Celestial Navigation Tower Operator.

"Reason's last step is the recognition that there are
 an infinite number of things beyond it."
Blaise Pascal.

"I do not believe that gifts,
 whether of mind or character,
 can be weighed like butter and sugar,
 not even at Cambridge."
Virginia Woolf.

"I didn't know that if a girl broke your heart, another girl,
 virtuous at least in spirit, could mend it on the same night.
 And I didn't know that the enthalpy decrease in a converging
 passage could be transformed into jet kinetic energy if a
 divergent passage was added."
Homer Hickam, 'Rocket Boys'.

"A closed mouth gathers no feet."
A Transuranian proverb.

"I owe much, I have nothing, the rest I leave to the poor."
The last will and testament of Rabelais.

"The striving for wisdom is the second paradise of the world."
Paracelsus.

"I do not approve of anything that tampers with natural ignorance.
 Ignorance is like a delicate exotic fruit;
 touch it and the bloom is gone."
Oscar Wilde, in 'The Importance of Being Earnest'.

"Whatever therefore is got by such exponents and proportions is
 to be ascribed to fluxions: which must therefore be previously
 understood.  And what are these fluxions?  The velocities of
 evanescent increments.  And what are these evanescent increments?
 They are neither finite quantities, nor quantities infinitely small,
 nor yet nothing.  May we not call them the ghosts of departed quantities?"
Bishop Berkeley refuses to accept Newton's concept of a limit.

"It is only too easy to catch people's attention by doing something
 worse than anyone else has dared to do before."
Critic Louis Leroy, reviewing Claude Monet in Le Charivari.

"Bu Fu:   No, no!  You have merely painted what is!
          Anybody can paint what is.
          The real secret is to paint what isn't!
 Chi Po:  But what is there that isn't?"
Oscar Mandel, in 'Chi Po and the Sorcerer'.

"So far as I see, we can only infer
 that the totality of all numbers is infinite,
 that the number of squares is infinite,
 and that the number of their roots is infinite;
 neither is the number of squares less than the totality of all numbers,
 nor the latter greater than the former;
 and finally, the attributes 'equal', 'greater' and 'less'
 are not applicable to infinite, but only to finite, quanitities."
Galileo, 'Dialogue on Two New Sciences' (1638).

"But my argument does not anyhow rob mathematicians of their study,
 although it denies the existence of the infinite
 in the sense of actual existence
 as something increased to such an extent that it cannot be gone through;
 for, as it is, they do not need the infinite or use it, but only require
 that the finite straight line shall be as long as they please.
 Hence it will make no difference to them for the purpose of proofs."
Aristotle, in 'Physics'.

"I protest against the use of infinite magnitude as something completed,
 which in mathematics is never permissible.
 Infinity is merely a figure of speech, the real meaning being
 a limit which certain ratios approach indefinitely near,
 while others are permitted to increase without restriction."
Carl Friedrich Gauss.

"You know that I write slowly.
 This is chiefly because I am never satisfied until
 I have said as much as possible in a few words,
 and writing briefly takes far more time than writing at length."
Carl Friedrich Gauss.

"It'll soon be over now", he said, "unless Clive Bosanquet makes an
 even longer speech than usual.  Clive is a good chap, but he will
 insist on not leaving any stone unturned.  And if in any doubt, he
 thinks it better to turn them back again."
CP Snow, in 'The Sleep of Reason'.

"By and large, a ride on a long-distance bus in America
 combines most of the shortcomings of prison life
 with those of an ocean-crossing on a troopship."
Bill Bryson, in 'The Lost Continent'.

"He seemed confident," she said.
 He smiled in spite of himself.
"Young lawyers are always confident.  It's a failure of our law schools."
Pete Dexter, in 'Paris Trout'.

"Geometry is the art of reasoning well with badly made figures."
Henri Poincare.

"An extraordinary affair.
 I gave them their orders
 and they wanted to stay and discuss them."
The Duke of Wellington.

"In front of every silver lining there's a cloud."
A Transuranian proverb.

"We had the only kind of money that was respectable these days -
 the kind that was all gone."
Caitlin Macy, in 'The Fundamentals of Play'.

"I never came across a situation so dismal
 that a policeman couldn't make it worse."
Brendan Behan.

"If you're not in bed by midnight, you'd better go home."
The philanderer's motto.

"The trouble with Germans is not that they fire artillery shells,
 but that they engrave them with quotations from Kant."
Karl Kraus.

"SEED = 65539 * SEED
 IF (SEED .LT. 0) SEED = (SEED + 2147483647) + 1
 It is difficult to find two lines of code which violate
 more software engineering principles;
 the intent is obscure and the result is non-portable."
Stephen Park, Keith Miller, Communications of the ACM, 1988.

"Home in three days.  Don't wash."
Letter from Napoleon to Josephine.

"I am conscious of my faults,
 but I hope I atone for them
 by my marked disapprobation of such faults in others."
Charles James Fox, satirizing the critics of the spendthrift George IV.

"I am an old man now,
 and when I die and go to heaven
 there are two matters on which I hope for enlightenment.
 One is quantum electrodynamics,
 and the other is the turbulent motion of fluids.
 ...And about the former I am rather optimistic."
Hydrodynamicist Horace Lamb, addressing the British Association for
the Advancement of Science,

"I do think the bloom of her ugliness is going off."
The chamberlain of the ill-favored Queen Charlotte, wife of George III.

"What genius does must be the best of all rules."
Clausewitz.

"There were good workmen among them.
 The trouble was that they all wanted to be architects."
Napoleon on the French Council of State.

"A constitution should be short, and obscure."
Napoleon.

"A poem is never finished, merely abandoned."
Paul Valery.

"I feel so good, life is running around inside of me like a squirrel!"
Boris Kolenkhov, in 'You Can't Take it With You!'.

"Aus so krummem Holz als woraus der Mensch gemacht ist,
 kann nichts ganz gerade gezimmert werden! -
(From such crooked wood as men are made,
 nothing quite straight can be built!)"
Immanuel Kant.

"If the rich could hire the poor to die for them,
 the poor could make a good living."
A Transuranian proverb.

"I remember my friend Johnny von Neumann used to say,
 'with four parameters I can fit an elephant,
  and with five I can make him wiggle his trunk.'"
Freeman Dyson, quoting Enrico Fermi,
"A meeting with Enrico Fermi",
Nature, Volume 427, page 297, 2004.

"I made my money by selling too soon."
Bernard Baruch.

"Son, never buy something that eats while you sleep."
Advice from John Boy's father when he was thinking of buying a horse.

"Every computer program is correct up until the moment it is written."
Jud Northbark.

"An expert is someone who has made all possible mistakes."
Otto Frisch, in 'What Little I Remember'.

"Nothing is eaten as hot as it is cooked."
Otto Frisch, in 'What Little I Remember'.

"A really good scientist is one who knows how to draw correct conclusions
 from incorrect assumptions."
Otto Frisch, in 'What Little I Remember'.

"Sleep faster!  We need the pillows."
A Transuranian proverb.

"A tavern is a place where madness is sold by the bottle."
Jonathan Swift.

"A little inaccuracy saves tons of explanation."
Saki (H H Munro).

"A professor must have a theory as a dog must have fleas."
H L Mencken.

"Golden lads and girls all must,
 As chimney sweepers, come to dust."
Shakespeare, in 'Cymbeline', Act IV, Scene 2.

"Humans are not proud of their ape ancestors,
 and rarely invite them round to dinner."
Douglas Adams, in 'The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy'.

"I can always hire some mathematicians,
 but they can't hire me!"
Thomas Edison, who believed that experimental inquiry was far
more valuable than theory.

"Now you may think that this is very harsh behavior,
 but let me tell you that our management consultants actually queried
 the necessity for us to employ a pantomime horse at all!"
John Cleese, announcing that his firm must fire one of its two pantomime
horses, a decision to be made by a death match.

"The trouble with King is that his description of the sunset
 spoils the original."
An acquaintance of the 19th century American Clarence King.

"Most people go to their graves with their music still inside them."
Oliver Wendell Holmes.

"To travel fast, go alone;
 to travel far, go together."
A Transuranian proverb.

"'Shut up!', he explained."
Ring Lardner, in 'The Young Immigrants'.

"Most of the people in this house are average,
 but my sister is just plain mean!"
Miles Moses, on being asked by his grandfather if anyone could tell
him the difference between average and mean.

"She cried until her grief had been eased, after which, like any bereaved
 person, she half-shelved the dead and half-opened his bank account."
Nigel Dennis, in 'Cards of Identity'.

"The light which experience gives is a lantern on the stern,
 which shines only on the waves behind."
Samuel Taylor Coleridge.

"I hate you and your ass face!"
Corky St Clair, in 'Waiting for Guffman'.

"All things dull and ugly,
 All creatures short and squat;
 All things rude and nasty,
 The Lord God made the lot.
 Each nasty little hornet,
 Each beastly little squid;
 Who made the spiky urchin?
 Who made the sharks?  He did!"
Monty Python.

"Fail again.  Fail better."
Samuel Beckett.

"How many husbands have I had?  You mean, besides my own?"
Zsa Zsa Gabor.

"When Charles Grodin enters a room, it is as though someone just left."
Charles Grodin, recalling just one of the many insults and
putdowns he received in his career.

"Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length."
Robert Frost.

"Life must be understood backwards,
 but it must be lived forwards."
Draagekreik Neros, fearful trembler.

"Sir, I have given you an argument.
 I am not also obliged to provide you with an understanding."
Samuel Johnson, having explained himself and being told
'But I don't understand!'.

"[1943-]"
Author Steven Millhauser, asked to give a brief biography.

"Dating younger men is like chewing gum:
 ten minutes of flavor followed by bland repetition."
Heather Wolfe, in the movie 'Starting Out in the Evening'.

"His conversation does not show the minute hand,
 but he strikes the hour very correctly."
Samuel Johnson, of his frequent dinner host Henry Thrale.

"You take the job because you have ideas about how things could be better,
 and then you spend most of your time keeping them from getting worse."
A university department chair, in Alison Lurie's 'Truth or Consequences'.

"Nina:   My name is Nina.  I was named after a character
         in 'The Seagull'.
 Jesus:  Really?  My name is Jesus.  I was named after a
         bandleader in Panama City."
The movie 'Music from Another Room'.

"They called me mad, and I called them mad, and damn them,
 they outvoted me!"
English dramatist Nathaniel Lee, who was confined for five years in
Bethlehem Hospital for the Insane, better known as 'Bedlam'.

"If Mr Gladstone fell into the Thames, that would be a misfortune;
 if anyone pulled him out, that would be a catastrophe."
Benjamin Disraeli, on being asked to explain the difference between
misfortune and catastrophe.

"Well I've been listening to my gut since I was 14 years old,
 and frankly speaking, I've come to the conclusion that my gut
 has shit for brains."
John Cusack, playing Rob Gordon, in 'High Fidelity'.

"To see how many pieces they are cut up into."
A child actor in the original 'Lord of the Flies' film, asked why,
between takes, he was catching lizards and tossing them into a fan.

"Cruelty is the ideal children's game:
 no equipment is needed,
 the rules are simple to learn, and you
 can play even if your opponent doesn't want to."
Jud Northbark, in 'Elementary Penguins'.

"Time is the school in which we learn,
 Time is the fire in which we burn."
Delmore Schwartz.

"The average Ph.D. thesis is nothing but a transference of bones
 from one graveyard to another."
J. Frank Dobie, 'A Texan in England'.

"Living with a high school teacher is probably not that different
 from living with a coal miner.  They are down the shaft, they are
 cleaning up from being down the shaft, or they are preparing to
 return to the shaft."
Jane Hamilton, in 'Disobedience'.

"Winning the world title was easy.  
 The hard part was making the Chinese team!"
The winner of the Olympic ping pong competition.

"I believe he was jumping a little too low at the leapfrog."
Sherman Stonor, Baron Camoys, explaining with his usual delicacy why
a relative had suddenly abandoned his studies at a seminary.

"There is no point in settling the precedence between a louse and a flea."
Samuel Johnson.

"In Washington, some men grow.  Others merely swell."
Woodrow Wilson.

"This is not a succedaneum for satisfying the nympholepsy of nullifidians.
 Rather it is hoped that the haecceity of this enchiridion of arcane
 and recondite sesquipedalian items will appeal to the oniomania of an
 eximious Gemeinschaft whose legerity and sophrosyne, whose Sprachgefuehl
 and orexis will find more than fugacious fulfillment among its felicific
 pages."
Laurence Urdang, in his preface to The New York Times Everyday Reader's
Dictionary of Misunderstood, Misused, and Mispronounced Words.

"My mother was a closed circuit.  All her poles and the pronouns
 that represented them were reversed.  Of strangers, she would
 say, 'She hasn't met me yet'."
Russell Banks's character Hannah Musgrove, in 'The Darling'.

"An autonomous system would take about 10 years to build.  Human
 reason alone, using Immanuel Kant's Critique of Pure Reason as
 the software functional requirements document, would entail
 about 8 million lines of commented code.  The systems architect
 would have to be conversant in Schopenhauer, Kant, and Hegel
 and have many years of experience in building sofware systems
 of 1 million lines of commented code."
S. M. de Gyurky, in a letter to 'The Futurist' magazine,
makes artificial intelligence practical.

"History is just one damn thing after another."
Dean Acheson,
Alan Bennet,
Winston Churchill,
Historian H.A.L. Fisher,
Henry Ford,
William Randolph Hearst,
Douglas Hector in 'The History Boys' by Alan Bennett,
Elbert Hubbard,
Robert Sherrill,
Arnold Toynbee,
Mark Twain,
Voltaire.

"It is not true that life is one damn thing after another.
 It's one damn thing over and over."
Edna St Vincent Millay.

"IN DEFEAT, CLINTON GRACIOUSLY PRETENDS TO WIN"
Headline in the Washington Post, after Hilary Clinton's response to
Barak Obama's declaration that he'd won the nomination.

"Angelina Jolie is the closest thing we have to a real superhero.
 She's everywhere at once, never ages, travels the world crusading
 for right, and can easily be pictured crouching atop the
 Chrysler building."
Dana Stevens.

"Time is Nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once.
 Space is Nature's way of keeping everything from happening to me."
John Archibald Wheeler, physicist who coined the phrase 'black hole'.

"Time is Nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once."
Woody Allen.

"Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later."
Frederick Brooks,
in 'The Mythical Man-Month: Essays on Software Engineering'.

"Null Physics is derived from the concept that our entire universe
 is the internal structure of nothingness.  In other words, physical
 reality is an intricate, four-dimensional geometric equation that adds
 to zero because it exists within zero."
Terence Witt gives the null explanation of Null Physics.

"A drowning man reaches for a snake."
A Transuranian proverb.

"We pledged to support her to the end.  Our problem is not being able
 to determine when the hell the end is."
Representative Charles Rangel, explaining the limits of his
unbounded support for Hillary CLinton.

"Ja, ja, I am shpeak the technical English, but I have great difficulty
 when I try to make intercourse."
Ludwig Prandtl, congratulated on his first use of English to present
a paper at a conference.

"At last the Dodo said, 'Everybody has won, and all must have prizes.'"
Lewis Carroll, 'Alice in Wonderland'.

"Mythology is what never was, and always is."
Stephanus of Byzantium, geographer under Justinian I.

"I mean the word proof not in the sense of lawyers, who set two half
 proofs equal to a whole one."
Carl Friedrich Gauss.

"Glendower:  I can call spirits from the vasty deep.
 Hotspur:    Why, so can I, or so can any man.
             But will they come when you do call for them?"
Shakespeare, in 'Henry IV, Part 1'.

"Far be it from me to dismiss a man's effort in a single sentence,
 but the film on your teeth after a three-day drunk possesses
 more cinematic value."
Scott Brown, reviewing 'Alone in the Dark', a movie, based on a video
game, by Uwe Boll, recently voted the world's worst movie director.

"The most expensive thing you'll ever buy is money."
A banker in an avuncular mood.

"We die only once, and for such a long time."
Moliere [still dead].

"If you can't spot the fool when a deal's being made,
 then everyone else can."
The sucker's warning.

"Hello!  Is this the Internet?"
The first call, 2 January 1994, to Michael Wolff's NetGuide hotline,
(motto: No question too dumb).

"Of course it hurts.  The secret is not to mind that it hurts."
Gordon Liddy, a veritable font of quotations, (only some original),
on being asked if it hurt when he would demonstrate his toughness
by holding his hand over a candle flame.

"'What's the trick?'
 'The trick, William Potter, is not minding that it hurts!'"
The cinematic TE Lawrence (of Arabia, that is), extinguished a candle
with his fingers, prompting his friend to try it as well, only to
discover that it really hurts.

"Love is giving something you don't possess to someone who doesn't exist."
Jacques Lacan.

"I decide what's obvious, not my students."
Yibiao Pan.

"When someone asks me to eat shit, I don't nibble."
Melissa Bank.

"The good thing about being nowhere in your career is
 you can do it anywhere."
Melissa Bank.

"It took me a long time to get young."
Bob Dylan.

"My friends, I have discovered there are no disasters, only
 opportunities.  And indeed, opportunities for further disasters."
Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson, Conservative candidate for
mayor of London (he won), after denying he was having an affair, and
then having to admit it.

"Sex dies et septem noctes Enkidu coibat cum meretrice."
The highlight of 'Gilgamesh', which suddenly switched to Latin
for some reason, and so was imprinted perfectly in my mind for 40 years.

"Anxiety is fear in search of a cause."
Patricia Pearson, author of 'A Brief History of Anxiety'.

"Too much is never enough."
The slogan of computer manufacturers, the title of a Spice Girls song,
the title of the autobiography of extravagant architect Morris Lapidus,
among many other occurrences.

"A diplomat is someone who thinks twice before saying nothing."
Reporter and commentator Alex Dreier.

"To hate like this is to be happy forever."
Will Blythe, a self-described insane fan of the North Carolina
basketball team, and hence a despiser of the rival Duke team.

"I got here because I couldn't keep my mouth shut!"
Sign under a trophy trout.

"When the enemy is engaged in destroying himself, don't interfere!"
Napoleon.

"Parallel processing allows an instructor to compute an inaccurate
 estimate for pi before the students have completely lost interest
 in the topic."
A Cramputational Scientist.

"You have to understand that West Virginia is such a tightly-knit,
 ingrown state that everything becomes political.  And everything
 political becomes personal."
A West Virginian.

"There's an old joke.  Two elderly women are at a Catskills mountain
 resort, and one of them says, 'Boy, the food at this place is really
 terrible!' and the other one says, 'Yeah, I know, and such small
 portions.' Well, that's essentially how I feel about life."
Woody Allen.

"Say yes before your brain has time to say no!"
Secrets of the Millionaires.

"The second mouse gets the cheese."
Willie Nelson.

"What's the point of Esperanto?
 There's already an international language.
 It's called bad English."
Theodor von Karman.

"Q: Can you briefly describe what kind of qualities you are looking for
    in a new CIA director?
 A: Probably not."
Vice President Dick Cheney opens up to an interviewer.

"Under the spreading chestnut tree,
 I sold you, and you sold me."
George Orwell, in '1984', in 1948.

"I hesitate to say that any mathematician suffers from social pathology
 when in fact so many of them seem to thrive on it."
Jud Northbark, in 'I et Eggo in Arcadia'.

"Golf is a game of luck.  The more I practice, the luckier I get!"
Ben Hogan.

"No matter how long or hard I spin,
 Less gold goes out than straw comes in!"
Jud Northbark.

"The Apple Macintosh is the first personal computer
 good enough to criticize."
Computer scientist Alan Kay.

"Lawyer: Do you consider yourself the best heart surgeon in the world?
 Cooley: Yes.
 Lawyer: Don't you think that's being rather immodest?
 Cooley: Perhaps, but remember, I'm under oath."
Controversial heart surgeon Denton Cooley, under cross examination.

"He runs the Department very much in the spirit of Dunkirk,
 as a strategic withdrawal against overwhelming odds."
David Lodge, 'Changing Places'.

"Mooreland, Indiana, is a long way to go
 not to be anywhere when you get there."
Haven Kimmel, 'A Girl Named Zippy'.

"A fifth grader's idea of God is OK - if you're a fifth grader."
From the documentary 'Because the Bible Tells Me So'.

"The shortest distance between two lines is under construction."
A Transuranian proverb.

"My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son of a bitch."
Jack Nicholson.

"It was the misfortune of poetry,
 to be seldom safely enjoyed
 by those who enjoyed it completely."
Jane Austen, 'Persuasion'.

"KNOWLEDGE EXPLOSION TRAPS 37 DATA MINERS!"
The San Jose Logfile.

"Climate is what you expect; weather is what you get."
A meteorological proverb.

"Climate is what you affect; weather is what gets you."
An updated meteorological proverb.

"Shyness is just egotism out of its depth."
Penelope Keith.

"If I had more time, I would have written a shorter letter."
Saint Augustine,
Pearl Buck,
Winston Churchill,
Marcus Tullius Cicero,
Albert Einstein,
Pliny T. Elder,
TS Eliot,
Malcolm Forbes,
Benjamin Franklin,
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe,
Ernest Hemingway,
Oliver Wendell Holmes,
Thomas Jefferson,
Doctor Samuel Johnson,
Abraham Lincoln,
Viscount Mumbles,
Jud Northbark,
Blaise Pascal,
Ezra Pound,
Marcel Proust,
Robert Sayre,
Madame de Sevigne,
Madame de Stael,
Diogenes Small,
Henry David Thoreau,
Mark Twain,
Voltaire,
EB White,
Oscar Wilde.

"A truth that is told with bad intent
 beats all the lies you can invent."
William Blake.

"If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants
 were standing on my shoulders."
Hal Abelson.

"Idries Shah's books were a good deal harder to read than to write."
Gore Vidal.

"Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place.
 Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are,
 by definition, not smart enough to debug it."
Kernighan's Law.

"Well, I have to get back to work now, even if you don't."
What the prime minister said to end a meeting with
a group of unemployed men, as 'reported' by David
Frost on 'That Was The Week That Was'.

"I may be wrong, but I'm never in doubt."
Marshall McLuhan.

"If I were really two-faced,
 do you imagine this is the face I would wear?"
Abraham Lincoln.

"I'm lost, but I'm making record time."
Last transmission from a Navy pilot.

"Self pity has the merit that it is apt to be sincere."
Diane Johnson, in 'Le Mariage'.

"No, I didn't do that.
 It was the person who wrote the paper for me."
A student, when confronted with evidence that her term
paper contained plagiarized sentences and paragraphs
(New Scientist, 10 February 2007).

"Paul, don't speak to me, my serotonin levels have hit bottom,
 my brain is awash in glucocorticoids, my blood vessels are
 full of adrenaline, and if it weren't for my endogenous
 opiates I'd have driven the car into a tree on the way home."
Philosopher and brain theorist Pat Churchland
after a bad faculty meeting.

"Blues ain't about making yourself feel better;
 it's about making other people feel worse."
Bleeding Gums Murphy.

"Type the field name Name in the Field Name field."
Winner of Corecomm's Worst Technical Communication
Sample of the Month, submitted by Susan Gallagher
from a manual she was rewriting.

"Rudy Giuliani is absolutely not a racist.
 He's nasty to EVERYBODY."
Former New York mayor Ed Koch defends his successor.

"If you believe in infinity, you also believe a string can
 have just one end."
Jud Northbark.

"Madame, if I did not know, I would tell you."
Lincoln's Secretary of State William Seward, after being pressed
for information about the Union Army's plans.

"Miranda: They say the sirens were half woman, half monster.
 Edgardo: And what was the other half?"
From Oakley Doake's play 'The Crumpled Gusset'.

"I never predict anything, and I never will."
Paul John Gascoigne, renowned English football player.

"Alaska, where you can't be too fat or too drunk!"
Homer Simpson.

"I'll have to start writing your new addresses in pencil!"
Camilla Caimano, after receiving yet another change of address from me.

"People come and go so quickly here!"
Dorothy, in Oz.

"Dvum smertiam nye by vat, I odnoi nye mino vat!"
(Two deaths cannot happen to a person, and one death can't be avoided!)
What a Russian yells when facing danger.

"I suppose its the process of being singled out that is often more
 frightening than the thing itself.  A Holocaust survivor once
 explained to me that when Jews were being rounded up it was awful,
 but you were not alone."
Barbara Amiel, consort of 'Lord' Conrad Black, perfectly expressing her
frame of mind upon being criticized for her extravagant lifestyle.

"Shame on the naysayers!  I saw a drunk middle-aged man toss
 his beer bottle in a recycling bin for the first time.
 Multiply that by two billion.  That's a measurable outcome."
Joan Anderman, writing for the Boston Globe, defending Al Gore's
'Live Earth' event of 7 July 2007.

"Unrequited love is the only kind that lasts."
Woody Allen.

"A boy chases a girl until she catches him."
A Transuranian proverb.

"You take away our right to steal ideas,
 where are they going to come from?"
Roger Myers, Jr, Producer of 'The Itchy and Scratchy Show', on
'The Simpsons'.

"In the Red Army, it takes a very brave man to be a coward."
Marshal Georgi Zhukov, whose Red Army shot 158,000 men for
desertion during World War II.

"Would I ever leave this company?  Look, I'm all about loyalty.
 In fact, I feel like part of what I'm being paid for here is my
 loyalty.  But if there were somewhere else that valued loyalty
 more highly, I'm going wherever they value loyalty the most."
Dwight Schrute, of 'The Office'.

"I say to you that the VCR is to the American film producer
 and the American public as the Boston strangler is to the
 woman home alone."
Jack Valenti, no longer sleeping so well.

"In our minds, our programs are always working.
 We really can't help believing in them utterly.
 Thus we test and debug until reality has been adjusted
 to match our incorrigible fantasies."
Jud 'Mossy' Northbark.

"If a computer code has not been
 tested, it is absolutely certain to be wrong.
 If it is not known how to test it,
 then the code should never have been written."
Jud 'Mossy' Northbark.

"Live your whole life as if it were deductible!"
Carolyn See, in the novel 'Making History'.

"You've made a choice between doughnuts and sex."
Patti Novak, Buffalo matchmaker, on meeting her client, a 346
pound former Mr Nude Universe who was recently kicked out of
a Chinese all-you-can-eat buffet restaurant.

"I lost two friends this year.
 You can take 2007 and give it back to the Indians."
Paulie Walnuts.

"He was so crooked he could hide behind a spiral staircase."
PG Wodehouse.

"I have discovered from your comments that the best thing I
 have done was to choose my predecessor."
Zalmay Khalilzad, the US ambassador to the UN, replacing
John Notlob, that is, Bolton.

"Boy, those French!  They have a different word for everything."
Steve Martin.

"I was told in a somewhat dreamlike way that the two mathematicians
 were at a conference, in Ogden, Utah, as I remember, and the man
 who told me sounded as if he were off somewhere too.  I was to
 discover later that being away at a conference is a basic
 characteristic of mathematicians wherever you find them."
Norman Maclean, in 'Young Men and Fire'.

"There comes a time when, for every addition of knowledge,
 you forget something that you knew before.  It is of the
 highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts
 elbowing out the useful ones!"
Sherlock Holmes.

"Don't be so humble - you're not that great!"
Golda Meir.

"I have known more people whose lives have been ruined
 by getting a PhD in physics than by drugs."
Jonathan Katz, physicist at Washington University at St Louis.

"A good newspaper is never quite good enough,
 but a lousy newspaper is a joy forever."
Garrison Keillor.

"Being a leader of the Huns is often a lonely job."
Wess Roberts, in 'Leadership Secrets of Attila the Hun'.

"I've been known to email people who were literally standing
 next to me, which I know sounds crazy, because at that distance
 I could easily call them with my cellphone."
Dave Barry.

"It's better to be at the table than on the menu."
A Transuranian proverb.

"As the popular joke goes,
 the problem with Wikipedia is that it only works in practice.
 In theory, it can never work."
Miikka Ryokas,
22 year old computer science student in Turku, Finland.

"What a girl!  He had never in his life before met a woman
 who could write a letter without a postscript, and this
 was but the smallest of her unusual gifts."
PG Wodehouse, in 'A Damsel in Distress'.

"The older I get, the better I used to be."
Bill Layton, after a basketball game with his students.

"If you're plotting revenge, remember to take two shovels."
A Transuranian proverb.

"You can't put the shit back in the donkey."
Tony Soprano.

"Its author can be excused of dishonesty only on the grounds
 that before deceiving others he has taken great pains
 to deceive himself."
Peter Medawar, reviewing Teilhard de Chardin's book
'The Phenomenon of Man'.

"Did I say paradigm?  I must be drunk," said the M.O.  "I'm
 always drunk when I say paradigm."
Margery Sharp, in 'The Sun in Scorpio'.

"Only dead fish swim with the stream."
Frank Pakenham, Lord Longford, a former advocate for Myra Hyndley.

"What makes Newt Gingrich's face so attractive is the shape of
 the skull, which is concave in the center, so that its features
 are perfectly displayed in a sort of naturally occurring candy
 dish of head bone."
Wells Tower, while attending a convention of young conservatives.

"Some of you will get seasick," he admitted, "But as you're
 hanging over the rail, remember that you're providing
 entertainment for the rest of us."
Bill Gifford, while recreating the adventures of an early explorer
by sailing the Pacific in a small ship, quoting an observation from
the ship's first officer.

"Football incorporates the two worst elements of American society:
 violence punctuated by committee meetings."
George Will.

"The landscape is so flat and barren you could probably
 watch your dog run away all day long."
Charlie LeDuff, surveying the scenic wonderland around Oklahoma City.

"The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up."
Ralph Smith, proactive procrastinator.

"My fourth design mantra is never, ever go barefoot
 in a man's bathroom."
Deborah Wiener, an interior designer who said she hides terrycloth
slippers in each bathroom of the house she shares with her husband
and two sons.

"If the captain doesn't know where he wants to go,
 there is no wind that will take him there."
A Transuranian proverb.

"I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
 I want to achieve it by not dying."
Woody Allen, presumptively still premortal.

"NASA is like welfare for bright people.
 They're so smart they're useless."
Wanda Sykes.

"We would be working class, if there were any work."
Jimmy Rabbitte in the movie version of The Commitments.

"All models are wrong.  Some models are useful."
George Box, professor of statistics at the University of Wisconsin.

"It's not true that I like human flesh.  It's much too salty for me."
Ugandan tyrant Idi Amin Dada, graciously brushing off
accusations of cannibalism.

"May you live to see Zymotic!"
The blessing that visitors and correspondents gave to James Murray,
chief editor of the Oxford English Dictionary.  (As it turns out,
the last word in the dictionary was actually zyxt, and
Murray died around the time that he was working on the word
'turn-down'.

"He is an utter numb-skull, a most lack-a-daisical, graspless
 fellow, born to stare at existence."
James Murray, chief editor of the Oxford English Dictionary,
explaining why he had fired yet another of the seemingly well-qualified
assistants to his work.

"So they're dividing us into different ethnic groups - is that kosher?"
Parvati, a female boxer and competitor on the version of Survivor
which divided 20 people into four teams by race.

"The researches of many commentators have already thrown much
 darkness on this subject, and it is probable that if they
 continue we shall soon know nothing at all about it."
Mark Twain.

"I am in the process of understanding where those vicious words
 came from during that drunken display."
If you've just been stopped for your drunken driving, demanded to
know if the arresting cop is a Jew, told the attending policewoman 'What
are you looking at, sugar tits?', declared that you own
Malibu, and then confided that the Jews have started all the
wars in history, you might want to say 'I am sorry', or at least
you might say 'I am sorry', or at least ask your publicist to say
'I am sorry'.  But, being Mel Gibson, even on the second try, his
publicist could only get the first two words right.

"Toby Young is a balding bug-eyed opportunist with the looks
 of a punctured beach-ball, the charm of a glove-puppet, and
 an ego the size of a Hercules supply plane.  And I speak
 as a friend."
From the memoir 'The Sound of No Hands Clapping', by
the hapless Toby Young.

"He was as happy as a dog with two tails."
Peter Carey, author of 'Oscar and Lucinda' and 'The True History
of the Kelly Gang', in 'My Life as a Fake'.

"If."
The answer of the Lacedemonians, after the Athenians declared
that 'If we come to your city, we will raze it to the ground!'.
Laconia is an ancient region of Greece, whose chief city is Sparta.
The people of this region, known as Lacedemoneans, were as
closed-mouthed and terse as the proverbial Mainers of today.
Their behavior inspired the English word laconic, from the
original Greek word 'Laconizein'.  Thanks to Vasileios Basios
for correcting the previous version of this discussion!

"When in doubt, cut up a pig."
The supposed motto of Embrey, Indiana, childhood home of
Harmony Faith Lane and Harry Lockhart of 'Kiss Kiss Bang Bang'.

"You know my feelings.  Every day is a gift.  It's just,
 does it always have to be a pair of socks?"
Tony Soprano muses to his therapist.

"That boy has got a lot of quit in him!"
His grandfather's appraisal of comedian Ron White.

"I conclude that there are two ways of constructing a software
 design: One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously
 no deficiencies and the other way is to make it so complicated
 that there are no obvious deficiencies."
Charles Hoare, inventor of the QuickSort algorithm, in
his 1990 ACM Turing Award Lecture.

"This instructor makes it difficult for the average
 student to get an A!"
An anonymous student evaluator, as reported by A J Meir.

"DNA, schmee-NA!"
The response of a Los Angeles rabbi to a demand by John Haedrich,
a nursing home director, for an automatic right to Israeli
citizenship, based on the results of a DNA test he had paid for,
whose results suggested he shared a genetic signature commonly
found among Jews.

"My God, Mr Chairman, at this moment I stand amazed
 at my own moderation!"
Warren Hastings, the first governor general of British India,
on trial for high crimes and misdemeanors involving the brutal
taxation of the population.  (He was acquitted.)

"How long have I been married?  Thirty years.
 If I'd killed her straightaway, I would be out again by now."
The father of the bride, in 'Imagine Me and You'.

"We must remember that if we act now, it lies within our power
 to save two species for every one that is currently doomed."
Tim Flannery, in 'The Weather Makers: How Man is Changing the
Climate and What It Means for Life on Earth'.

"I'm so hungry I could eat the ass out of a horse."
Clayton Webster, after being nutritionally deprived for several hours.

"If you don't show up for work on Saturday,
 don't bother coming in on Sunday."
The company motto when Walt Disney first started
hiring starving cartoonists.

"It's not that I dislike him.  I don't like him."
Catalin Trenchea, making a fine point.

"I'm not going to be a namedropper.  I'm very resistant to what
 Chairman Mao calls the cult of personality."
Wallace Shawn, who recalls as a child putting on puppet shows
with his brother on such topics as Patrice Lumumba, on being asked
the names of celebrities who might have seen these shows.

"Ah yes, the anthropic principle, the inevitable conclusion that
 astronomy is the study of astronomers."
Jud Northbark, after reading one too many
articles about habitable universes found ticking away on the beach.

"Yes, but when I discovered it, it stayed discovered!"
Larry Shepp, professor of statistics at Rutgers, on being informed
that a mathematicial discovery he made had actually been discovered
by an earlier mathematician.

"The God of mathematical software has an inordinate fondness
 for Bessel functions."
Jud Northbark, after one week of constructing documentation for
all the routines in a mathematical function package.

"The problem is assigning the correct degree of fear to distant elephants."
David Clark, discussing how the worst disasters can be caused by
the slow incremental growth of seemingly insignificant problems,
in particular how the early disregard of security issues has
corrupted the Internet.

"Nineteenth-century English village life will always loom large
 in the world's imagination, like Greenland in a Mercator projection map."
Michael Kinsley, in an online article in Slate about Larry David
titled 'America's Jane Austen'.

"Oh no, not another fucking elf!"
Hugo Dyson, a member of the Inklings literary group, as fellow
member JRR Tolkien was reading from 'The Lord of the Rings'.

"Sometimes you get the whale.  And sometimes the whale gets you."
David Edelstein's suggested promo for a movie version of Moby Dick.

"It is a very sad thing that nowadays there is so little
useless information."
Oscar Wilde.

"Well, we've said it many times -
 if a frog had sidepockets, he'd carry a gun."
Dan Rather.

"Frankly, we don't know whether to run, to watch,
or to bark at the moon."
Dan Rather.

"I don't fail anything - except for math, twice."
Manufactured temporary celebrity Nehemiah, of the MTV's 'The Real World'.

"I guess I should warn you that
 if I turn out to be particularly clear,
 you've probably misunderstood me."
Alan Greenspan at his 1988 confirmation hearings.

"A bureaucracy is born by asserting a monopoly on a particular activity;
 it flourishes by failing to accomplish it."
Jud Northbark.

"It's no use having a dog and barking too."
A Transuranian proverb.

"Woman:    Well, Mr Whistler, I certainly don't see things as you do!
 Whistler: No, ma'am, but don't you wish you could?"
At an exhibition of Whistler's paintings.

"Evolution is cleverer than you."
Leslie Orgel's Second Rule.

"He wasn't averse to quality journalism;
 he just thought it should go on somewhere else."
John Cruickshank, publisher of the Chicago Sun-Times, describing
F David Rader, the president of the publishing company, and associate
of 'Lord' Conrad Black.

"My philosophy is, if you've got nothing to say, then don't say it."
Willem Dafoe, playing a drug dealer in 'Light Sleeper'.

"Just as there are wavelengths that people cannot see,
 and sounds that people cannot hear,
 computers may have thoughts that people cannot think."
Richard Hamming.

"What is best in life?
 To crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and to hear
 the lamentation of the women."
Conan the Barbarian, (impersonated by Arnold Schwarzenegger),
in answer to the question 'What is best in life?' (and paraphrasing
a remark by Genghis Khan!).

"The greatest thing in life is
   to crush your enemies,
   to see them fall in the dust,
   to take their horses and cattle,
   to hear the lamentation of their women, and
   to sleep upon the bellies of their daughters."
Genghis Khan.

"Here lies the body of W W,
 Who never again will trouble you, trouble you."
Epitaph.

"Just because they're after you, doesn't mean you're not paranoid."
Brewster Bragsheer.

"In a world gone mad, only a lunatic is truly insane!"
Homer Simpson, while wearing a sign announcing the coming
of the apocalypse.

"So young, and already so unknown!"
Wolfgang Pauli, writing off a colleague.

"I got out of there just in time.
 He was beginning to ask ME questions!"
James Franck, a member of J. Robert Oppenheimer's PhD committee.

"On two occasions, I have been asked by members of Parliament,
'Pray, Mr Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures,
will the right answers come out?'  I am not able rightly to
apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke
such a question."
Charles Babbage.

"How can you ask a followup question when I didn't answer your
 first question?"
Ari Fleischer, press secretary for George Bush II.

"Why be difficult, when, with a little effort, you can be impossible?"
A Transuranian proverb.

"Job: A life support system for a web page."
Brewster Bragsheer.

"Errors using inadequate data are much less than those
 using no data at all."
Charles Babbage.

"What's it like to make a foreign movie?"
An aspiring film student, asked of a Dutch filmmaker.

"Frye [hesitantly]: I'm having one of those, uh, things...
                    like a headache with pictures.
 Leela:             You mean an idea?"
An exchange on 'Futurama' between Frye, pizza delivery boy from
the 20th century, and Leela, the one-eyed alien.

"George Bush's eyes are so closely set that he could get by
 with a monocle."
Christopher Hitchens.

"You can't plan for the unforeseen.
 God doesn't follow the linear directions of computer models."
Florida governor Jeb Bush, after Hurricane Charley.

"Live life not expecting
 then even the small tings you will be grateful for!"
Jud Northbark's fortune cookie for 8 July 2004.

"The silicon is fine.  It's the carbon we have to deal with."
Mark Rasch, who prosecuted Clifford Stoll's Hannover Hackers,
commenting on the poor security practices and weak passwords that
enabled a series of breakins at national laboratories.

"They showed me a newspaper, but I can't read it,
 because it is in Israelian."
French model Nouni Cisse, explaining why she didn't know
anything about the Israeli security barrier until the day
she was posed there, beneath Arabic graffiti she also
couldn't read that says 'I am a donkey!'.

"We had become like bishops of opposite colors."
Boris Spassky, on the dissolution of his first marriage.

"Any idiot can handle a crisis.
 But it's the day-to-day living that wears you down!"
Anton Chekhov.

"The Indian National Congress Party is like a pillow:
 it reflects the shape of the last person who sat on it."
Anthony Heath and Yogengra Yadav.

"According to my models, we are doubling the paradigm
 shift rate every decade."
Raymond Kurzweil, in a letter to the editor of Scientific American.

"The new Oral B toothbrush has amazing 3D action!"
From a television commercial.

"TO DO:
  1) Call Senator Helms;
  2) Call King Hussein;
  3) Call Foreign Minister Moussa;
  4) Make other congressional calls;
  5) Prepare for China meeting;
  6) Buy nonfat yogurt."
From 'Madame Secretary' by former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.

"If you see a Bulgarian on the street, beat him.
 He will know why."
A venerable Russian proverb.

"I don't know if I'll like grits - can I have just one?"
 asked of a waitress at a truck stop just over the Virginia state line,
who replied 'Honey, grits only come in groups'.

"It's the most difficult decision I've ever made in my entire life,
 except for the one in 1978 when I decided to get a bikini wax."
Arnold Schwarzenegger,
tossing his helmet into the ring for the California governorship.

"The movie 'Legally Blonde' puts the 'b' into 'subtle'."
Elvis Mitchell, film critic for the New York Times.

"Canada is like a loft apartment over a really great party."
Robin Williams.

"History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme."
Mark Twain,
more or less, in a quote that seems to have cut itself loose from any
exact formulation or textual attribution.

"Indiana 66 is a road so crooked it could run for the legislature."
William Least Heat Moon,
in 'Blue Highways'.

"Linux is a cancer
 that attaches itself
 in an intellectual property sense
 to everything it touches."
Steve Ballmer,
Microsoft Goon,
who would patent the fart and not even let you have a free trial.

"Eternity is very long, especially towards the end."
Woody Allen.

"The thing about doing something terrible is you hardly ever remember it."
John Malkovich's T-shirt.

"You can contradict yourself successfully if you do it with conviction."
Ben Ratliff,
reviewing a performance by White Stripes.

"She:  But he's made several commercially successful American movies.
 He:   That's all you need to know about him.  He's the white line in
       the middle of the highway."
Woody Allen,
in 'Hollywood Ending'.

"The more, the merrier!"
Cardinal Jaime Sin,
asked to comment on the ruinous population explosion of the Philippines.

"There are only so many ulcers in the world.
 It's your job to see that other people get them."
John Boyd,
fighter pilot and military strategist.

"Michael Jackson is the ultimate traffic accident.
 People can't take their eyes off him!"
Jeff Zucker,
president of NBC Entertainment,
commenting on a sweeps week surge in Michael Jackson coverage.

"I've been surviving mostly on McDonald's food,
 but like I said, that gets expensive.
 I have to start eating at home more."
Jeffrey Dahmer,
anthropophage,
recorded on video at his grandmother's house in 1990.

"Will Self has a fatal weakness
 for daffy polysyllables, alliteration and puns.
 The effect is occasionally that
 of a man leaning carelessly on a nail gun."
Sophie Harris,
in the New York Times Book Review of 05 January 2003.

"Unlike most pieces of software,
 QuickTime isn't an application,
 but an enabling technology."
Judith Stern and Robert Lettieri,
in the manual 'QuickTime 5 for Macintosh and Windows',
trying to take your breath away.

"Now with more beans!"
A can of Campbell's Pork and Beans,
in which the 'Pork' ingredient has always been infinitesmal, has
apparently accomplished the impossible, unless they're just using
smaller beans.

"Purgatory was merely an unpleasantness for transients,
 the afterlife's O'Hare."
Cullen Murphy,
managing editor of The Atlantic,
(which makes it a bit easier to get yourself published...)
writing in an article about limbo.

"I would be very careful before calling something nonsense
 if I didn't understand it yet."
Roman Jackiw,
Professor of Physics at MIT,
sagely defending the French Bogdanov twins's embattled thesis relating
infinite temperature and imaginary time to a theory of conditions
before the Big Bang.

"It's about resolution, stupid!"
Richard Kunkel,
Dean of the College of Education at Florida State University,
speaking for the ages at a ceremony for National Mediation Week.

"I can't even lose correctly!  First I was in the wrong place but
 the right time, then in the right place but the wrong time.
 So I was that close...to what, exactly?  Sheesh!"
Jud Northbark,
because it has to be possible.

"Though I refused to age,
 the students and other teachers grew younger year by year."
Michael Dibdin,
in the comic murder-romance 'Dirty Tricks'.

"Was one back scratching the other?"
Raymond Syufy,
chief executive of Century Theaters,
commenting on an unsavory executive compensation scheme at AMC.

"You could calculate pi with those things."
Joshua Milrad,
codirector of the video 'Spring Break Uncensored',
commenting on a pair of awesomely artificial breasts.

"I think I forget to hit RETURN."
Jud Northbark,
about to leave the bathroom, but then turning around after a sudden worry.

"This paper gives wrong solutions to trivial problems.
 The basic error, however, is not new."
Clifford Truesdell,
Mathematical Reviews,
Volume 12, page 561.

"The cemeteries are full of indispensable men."
Charles De Gaulle.

"Ten years ago I might not be sitting here today."
Carrie Ameen,
a cancer survivor, or an actor playing one,
in a gushy television ad for 'America's pharmaceutical companies',
inventing a new grammatical tense, the past-forward-contrapositive.

"Madison, Wisconsin, is fifty-two square miles surrounded by reality."
Lee Dreyfus, a former governor of Wisconsin.

"A modest man, who has much to be modest about!"
Winston Churchill,
on Clement Atlee, whom he preceded and succeeded
in the office of prime minister.

"It makes no sense to replace someone who's on the Appropriations
 Committee with someone who is not!"
George W Bush.

"If you haven't got anything nice to say about anybody,
 come sit next to me!"
The motto on a pillow on Alice Longworth Roosevelt's couch.

"I am going to make my First Communion, and I intend to yodel."
Michelle Kwan's skating costume,
or at least its subliminal message,
according to the New Yorker,
as quoted in an article in the New York Times.

"Tonight we have the great Ring trilogy:
 Rocky I, Rocky II, and Rocky III."
An uncredited constructor of the local television guide.

"SELF RESPECT: The secure feeling that no one, as yet, is suspicious."
H L Mencken.

"Much may be made of a Scotsman, if he is caught young."
Doctor Samuel Johnson.

"No one tosses a dwarf!"
The best line from the movie version of 'The Fellowship of the Ring'.

"Anyone who has ever hammered a nail into his nose owes a
 large debt to Melvin Burkhart."
Todd Robbins,
New York magician who sometimes does his own blockhead act,
quoted in the New York Times obituary for Melvin Burkhart,
"the Human Blockhead", 18 November 2001.

"Reading fussy modern programs with declarations like
   object object object
 or
   Line line LINE,
 I miss the days when using variable names like
   IP1 or XMAX
 would get you called verbose and eccentric."
Jud Northbark.

"With regard to religion, finally, it may be briefly said
 that she believed in God
 in much the same way as she believed in Australia..."
EF Benson,
in 'Queen Lucia'.

"In the original version of Latex, there are several English words
 such as Figure and Bibliography included explicitly in certain commands.
 This in fact violates the rules of good programming
 which forbid doing anything explicitly."
Helmut Kopka and Patrick Daly,
with their humor parameter set to zero,
in 'A Guide to Latex2E'.

"Who would have thought the old man had so much blood in him?"
Macbeth,
reported by Shakespeare.

"It's true that the unexamined life is not worth living,
 but then the unlived life is not worth examining."
Crusty Australian art critic and unreliable driver Robert Hughes.

"All those Porsches and nowhere to drive."
Irving Wladawsky-Berger, who headed IBM's shift from traditional
big-iron computer to systems using arrays of processors, on the
fact that hardware advances have far outpaced software.

"'Manual Count' Means Manipulation!"
A protest sign displayed during the Florida presidential recount.

"I realized that a large part of my life from then on was going
 to be spent in finding mistakes in my own programs."
Maurice Wilkes,
after the first attempts to write programs for the EDSAC computer.

"I want to be buried in Louisiana, so I can stay active in politics."
Governor Earl Long.

"We'll look back on this as the era when money was too
 cheap to meter."
A critic of the gaudy, grandiose, ostentatious buildings that
Microsoft billionaire Paul Allen has splattered around Seattle.

"Of course we are better than those damn Serbs.  Our alphabet
 has four more letters!"
A Montenegrin, interviewed in connection with an article about
Montenegro's efforts to separate from Serbia.

"Epigram 63:
 When we write programs that learn,
 it turns out that we do and they don't."
Alan Perlis, first recipient of the Turing award,
first chair of the CMU Computer Science Department,
author of 'Epigrams on Programming'.

"My hesitation is final."
jokingly attributed to British Prime Minister John Major,
in a book about Great Britain's tortuous tango with European integration.

"Mathematics isn't in a hurry.  Efficiency is meaningless.
 Understanding is what counts.  So is the computer important
 to mathematics?  My answer is no.  It is important, but not
 to mathematics."
Paul Halmos,
Mathematician.

"Northern Ireland is the only place I know
 where someone will drive 100 miles out of his way
 just to receive an insult."
David Ervine, leader of the Progressive Unionist Party, commenting
after the latest collapse of a peace plan in Northern Ireland.

"Never eat a cookie with a resistance of less than 1 ohm."
Computational neuroscientist Greg Hood, after refusing to
eat a suspiciously shiny sweet with a metallic glazing that Anjana Kar
had brought back from India, going to his car, retrieving his digital
volt/ohmmeter, and performing diagnostics.

"When proofs are long and highly computational, it may be argued
 that even when hand checking is possible, the probability of
 human error is considerably higher than that of machine error."
Kenneth Appel and Wolfgang Haken,
who presented a computer-aided proof of the Four Color Theorem.

"With enough cayenne pepper, anybody can make a hot sauce, just
like anybody can punch you in the face.  But with my hot sauce,
you're going to ask me to punch you in the face again."
The chef at G's, (or is it Charlie's?) in Oakland, Pittsburgh.

"Why do carnivores always bring up Hitler when they talk about
 vegetarians?  What are the moral implications of their
 rhetorical dependence on someone they profess to despise?"
Cynthia Van Ness, of Buffalo, New York,
in a letter appearing in the May-June 1998 issue of The Utne Reader.

"Of course the story is true.  But you must understand:
 That driver was very impolite!"
Eugene Wigner, confirming an anecdote told about him, in which
he got into a fight with a taxi driver over a tip, and then told him
'Oh, go to hell, please!'.

"If a man speaks in a forest, and there's no woman to hear him,
 is he still wrong?"
A T-shirt.

"The NSA is a self-licking ice cream cone."
An anonymous senior official of the National Security Agency.
